Leadership is defined as ‘the process in which an individual influences the group of individuals to attain a common goal’. The goal is attained by mutual cooperation and cohesive behaviour. A leader infuses a sense of positivity and directs others to reach the specified goal.

Various theories since years have been formulated by psychologists to explain the traits of a leader. Certain traits of a good leader were listed by the researchers as: intelligence, extraversion, and adjustment, openness to experience, general self-efficacy and conscientiousness. It has been inferred that an individual possessing these traits results as a good leader.

Another theory suggests that great events lead an ordinary individual to emerge as a leader. Then there is a third theory which emphasises that leadership is a transformation or a process. Anyone can become a leader by learning the leadership skills.

A leader is someone who stands not only for his cause but takes responsibility and motivates other individuals also. There is a clear difference between being a boss and a leader. A leader is a motivation for others and inspires individuals to aim high and attain that aim. However a boss only supervises over his subordinates. Power naturally comes to a leader but that power is not a tool of leader.

Rather if one tries to control the circumstances with power it turns out to be authoritarian or even suppressive in its expression.

Leadership is not a quality but it is an individual’s behaviour. A leader showcases a positive attitude and high self esteem. He assertively works towards the goal but never gets pushy for it. A continuous self study, training, evaluation and imbibing positive things in life develop the characteristics of a leader.

Situations are never in our hands but reaction is always that we can control. A leader not only reacts positively but also helps other members of the group to see the brighter side of the picture.

It has also been noticed that only those persons are considered as good leaders who have gained the trust and confidence of their subordinates. Communication plays a vital role in this regard. The other thing that people respect is knowledge.

Proficiency in subject is the main driving force. The next factor is the execution of idea. A leader always executes the things effectively. He works as a team and team welfare is his primary goal. A leader is looked upon by his subordinates critically also. A man of high moral values and integrity can only become a good leader.

It has always been a matter of controversy as to what makes an individual different from others. Some emphasise that is an innate quality while some advocate that it is a matter of practice only. To sum up, leadership is a quality which is if present naturally is welcome or otherwise can be developed by acquiring desired skills.