This is a woman mixing the dry and wet ingredients for some type of baking recipe. It's not clear if it is muffins or a bread or possibly a scone. She uses cranberries and dark chocolate in the batter.
A woman is adding various spices and oil to a bowl and whisking them together. There are tomatoes in the foreground. It is not clear what she is making.
A woman pours eggs and cream into a bowl with seasonings. She whisks the things in the bowl.
A woman pours ingredients from small bowls into a bigger bowl. She uses a spoon to scoop sour cream from a container into the big bowl. She puts vanilla into a measuring spoon and then into the bowl.
A man holds steak on a glass plate. He picks the steak up with tongs and seasons the steak with salt and pepper. He puts olive oil on a cloth and uses the tongs to rub the oiled washcloth on the grill. He then feels the heat on the grill and then uses the tongs to put the steak on the grill.
A woman pours onions from a blue bowl into a food processor. She then puts peppers from a green bowl into the food processor and seasoning from a glass bowl into the food processor. She then takes a piece of garlic out of a glass bows and smashes it with her knife. She peels the skin off the garlic and puts it in the food processor. She turns the food processor on, then turns it off.
A woman pours milk and eggs from measuring cups into a pan. She uses a spoon to put three spices into the pan. She uses a whisk to stir the contents in the pan.
A woman puts spinach, sour cream, cream cheese, butter, a seasoning, and eggs into a food processor bowl. She brings the bowl to the food processor and uses it to stir the contents.
A woman pours milk from a pitcher into a bowl on a burner. She puts a bay leaf into the bowl, along with several spices that are in smaller bowls on a cutting board. She grinds pepper into the bowl. She stirs the contents of the bowl. She talks about what to do.
Someone washes a crab leg. A man's hands use scissors to cut a crab leg open. A man stands outside in front of a grill holding a plate of crab legs. A man puts kebabs and crab legs onto a grill, then butters the kebabs with a brush.
A man takes half tomatoes out of a dish and uses tongs to place them on a grill behind them. Then, a dog wags his tail on a porch. Then the man continues to put half tomatoes onto the grill. The fire on the grill flares up.
We see 4 matzos on a plate, then a small bowl of vegetable oil, then a bowl with two eggs, then a container of salt, then a small bowl of cinnamon sugar, and finally a piece of pie. We then see a pan, glass bowl, spoon, and spatula on a wooden surface. A person crushes the matzos into a bowl of water, drains water out of the bowl, adds eggs to crushed matzos and mixes it. He cooks the mixture.
A woman cuts potatoes on a cutting board with a chef knife in a kitchen. She puts salt in a bowl into a pot of boiling water on a burner. She puts the potatoes into the bowl of boiling water.
A woman puts ribs onto a grill. She uses a brush to put barbecue sauce onto the ribs. She flips the ribs, and there is now something else on the grill as well.
Someone puts sour cream and a yellow mush into a bowl and stirs. We see the man cooking. He puts a seasoning into the bowl. He puts potatoes, carrots, onions, peas, green beans, green onion, and a cream into a different glass bowl. He arranges lime slices on a plate in a circle and puts the vegetable mixture in the center. A flower is put on the side.
Meat is on a grill. A man puts more meat on with tongs. The man uses a metal spatula to put the red mean on a plate.
A woman uses a knife to butter bread. She puts turkey on the bread, and uses a knife to put jam on the bread. She puts green leaves onto the bread, puts one of the slices on top, and cuts the bread into quarters. She arranges the quarters of the sandwich onto a plate.
A woman butters a pan. She blends oreos in a food processor and puts them in a measuring cup. She puts white chocolate chips in a bowl with vanilla pudding and stirs them on the stove to melt them. She adds vanilla and ground oreos to the pudding and melted chips and mixes them together.
A woman flips meat on a grill with a metal spatula and closes the grill. A woman takes grilled meat off the grill and puts it on a plate.
Someone whisks egg and milk in a bowl. Someone puts chocolate pieces on a piece of bread and puts another piece of bread on top. He rubs the bread in egg on a plate. He puts butter on a skillet. Once the butter is melted, he puts the chocolate sandwich on the skillet, then flips the sandwich over. He puts the sandwich on a plate with powdered sugar and a scoop of ice cream.
A man chops meat with a spatula in a frying pan. He adds onions from bowls. He seasons the contents of the pan. The man talks. He has a mustache and goatee. The man puts a lid on the pan and butters a white dish. He puts the contents of the pan into the white dish. He mixes together eggs, cheese, and cream cheese and puts it on top of the meat in the baking dish.
A woman holds up bisquick. She puts some of it in a bowl. She adds some things in a bowl. She adds eggs. She puts the contents into the spaces in a muffin tin and puts the muffin tin in the oven.
A girl preheats an oven. She puts butter and chocolate from a plate on the counter into a pan on the stove. She mixes the butter and chocolate. She cuts butter up and puts it in a bowl with sugar and salt. She mixes the contents with a hand mixer, adds an egg, and mixes it again.
A woman butters bread, adds cheese slices, ham, and mustard to one side of the bread, and puts the other slice of bread on top, butter side down, making a sandwich. She cuts the bread into four triangles and grabs a plate.
A woman turns on a burner with a pan with oil on top. She takes the center out of some dough and puts it in the oil with tongs. She is then in a room with plates of doughnuts.
A woman spreads mustard on two slices of bread with a knife. She fries butter in a pan. She picks up a bowl of cheese slices. She puts the bread in the pan.
A woman holds a muffin. She points to ingredients in bowls and dishes, as well as vanilla. There is a muffin tin next to her. She talks and holds up a whisk and a spatula. She adds cinnamon and sugar to a bowl of flour. She puts flour in a bowl with chocolate chips. She puts oil, eggs, milk, and cream in a large bowl. She whisks all the ingredients together. She puts the mix in the muffin tin.
A woman pours wet contents of many white bowls into a silver bowl and whisks them together. She pours dry ingredients from white bowls into a different silver bowl and mixes them together with a wooden spoon. She pours the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and stirs them together with the spoon. She then adds chocolate chips and stirs.
In first person, a game character activates a key pad and goes into a room to take money. He is working with a partner who is also stealing money. He throws a bag into a hallway and goes back to grab more money. He picks up the bag he threw and throws it again. He shoots people and takes money out of cash registers. He opens a safe and takes money from there.
Someone salts and peppers duck. He puts olive oil into a saucepan and puts the chicken in. He talks while the duck cooks on the stove. He flips the duck over in the pan. He puts the duck on a cutting board and slices it with a chef knife. He puts the pieces of meat back into the pan to simmer. He adds vegetables, rice, liquid, cheese, and butter and stirs. He puts the food on a plate.
Potatoes, fruit, and vegetables are put in a bowl and seasoned with salt, olive oil, and sesame seeds. It is put on a plate and other things are sprinkled on top.
Butter and sugar are blended with an electric mixer. Egg and water are mixed in. Sour cream and milk are whisked in. Flour is whisked with other dry ingredients in a separate bowl. The dry and wet ingredients are mixed together, and blueberries are added. The batter is put in a muffin tin with an ice cream scoop and the muffin tin is put in the oven.
A woman turns and faces a man. They look angry. She grows fangs. She walks away from him. He grabs her wrist. He pushes her against a wall. They hug. They walk through the woods. They sit on a couch. A man holds a football. A man and a woman kiss. 
A woman flips meat on a grill and closes the lid to the grill. She puts meat on a plate.
There are still frames of people walking near cherry blossom trees near a lake. One woman wears a wedding dress. The Washington monument is in the background of a picture. Some people have bikes. There are benches in the park. We see many close ups of cherry blossoms and a picture of the Jefferson memorial.
There are large bowls of food ingredients. There are small black square dishes of spices and a pitcher of water. A woman pours water and an ingredient into a pot and boils it. She adds an ingredient that looks like grain and stirs the pot with a spatula.
We see many ingredients. A person squishes the ingredients together with his hand and forms them into a patty. He puts it on the grill, then flips it and adds cheese. He puts two tortillas on the grill. He chops up the meat, puts salsa, onions, tomatoes, and meat on the tortilla, and folds the tortilla.
A man puts sauce, salt, and pepper on shrimp, shrimp kebabs and scallops. He puts some shrimp on the grill.
There are rocks. A man is talking. He is wearing a green striped shirt. There is a poster of rocks and a picture of people sitting on a hill. A man with glasses and white hair talks. A man takes fossils out of a cabinet. A man puts chemicals on a rock. A woman with glasses talks. Three men talk in a room.
A back dog with a red collar and a black leash plays with a white dog with a black collar outside in the snow, in a backyard surrounded by a chain link fence.
Some people in the navy are in a shipyard. Some of them look at parts and computers inside the boat.
A person is making a sandwich with butter, meat, jam and spinach.
A man pours molten iron into a rusted grate from a metal bucket attached to a metal chain and rod. He is outside. There is a tire behind him and another person standing to the side.
A person puts butter in a pan. He cuts onions and zucchini. He puts the zucchini and onions in a pan and seasons them.
a person pours eggs, garlic, and some mushy food, a red liquid, olive oil, and pepper into a bowl and whisk it. The person cuts bread into small pieces and drizzles olive oil on them. He sprinkles the bread with seasonings. He fries bacon. He washes lettuce. He cuts bacon. He puts lettuce in a bowl with croûtons, bacon, and the mixture he made on top. He slices cheese on top.
A woman puts lettuce, avocados, tomatoes, olive oil and salt into a glass bowl and tosses it to make a salad.
People dance in the street. Some are yelling or singing into megaphones. Others drum in the background, and many people hold a banner. Someone holds a flag in the background.
A man talks. He is wearing a pink shirt with the pokemon slowbro on it. He holds a game boy. He sings. He holds a red and blue pokeball. He is at a drive thru. He wears a baseball cap. There is are dolls of a pokemon trainer and pokemon. He is on a cell phone. He is on a game boy. The man holds pokemon dolls. He holds a yellow device.
Nine frames of a view of driving down a street. It seems to be in a suburban area on a bike path.
A woman with short blond hair talks. There is a brick wall and a window covered in window shades behind her. She seems to be outside. 
A man mixes minced onion and minced garlic. He embeds this mixture into a hamburger patty, then cooks it on a grill with salt and pepper. The camera cuts away to watch a squirrel run around. He melts on some cheese, puts it on a bun, and takes a bite.
A bald man speaks in a different language. There are many scenes outdoors. The man wears a yellow shirt. He sits in a chair. There are many car pictures. There are TVs. There is a person opening a soda can.
A woman buts butter into a bowl and stirs it. She adds sugar and stirs. She adds more sugar and stirs.
Someone is demonstrating how to use a computer application to recover deleted files. They click on various buttons, and gesture with their mouse at various things. There are a number of loading bars and file browsers involved in the process.
A man prepares and grills barbequed ribs. First, he mixes spices and rubs them into the meat, and refrigerates the ribs. Then he prepares the grill and cooks the meat, applying BBQ sauce while they cook.
Helicopters fly in the air. There is an aerial view of the ground and of factories. A woman and girl stand by a car as a factory explodes. Men remove rubble from the explosion site. A man falls off a building. A woman opens a car door. There are digitized views of the same scenes.
There are words about a marketing group. There are brochures of wheelchairs. 
This is an animation video for a love song. It has a great deal of text animations.
A woman is performing a dissection on a small mammal of some kind. She points out many of its anatomical features: left and right ventricle, gall bladder, spleen, diaphragm, bladder, etc.
An elevator door opens and two girls are inside. They talk. A woman runs in the snow outside in an area with trees. Girls sit in a room inside with couches. There are posters in the background. There are a few men, but it is mostly women. There is a lamp. A few people hold laptops. People speak into microphones. There are people in the desert. There are camels. Many people stand in an elevator.
It seems like a campaign video for education. It shows indoor scenes from a school with no students. The messages of the campaign are conveyed through printouts from a printer.
A man makes and presents a potato dish. He mixes up a dressing that looks like yogurt or mayonnaise and mustard, along with some spices. He mixes potatoes, carrots, green beans, peas, and chives. He then stirs in the dressing and puts the dish on a plate ringed with lime slices.
A woman is mixing flour and water. She adds yeast to the mixture. She is probably in the process of baking a pastry.
A Christian man is advertising some kind of religious conference. It's called the edge conference, and was scheduled for December 6 8, 2012. He encourages to viewers of this video to go.
This shows a jet apparently firing a rocket or other weapon at a target on the ground. The video is shot by a person looking up from within a town, when a jet flies overhead and launches some type of munition. The camera person pans down to show the exhaust trail of the rocket in the sky over buildings and people nearby.
A person is making a sandwich. The chef spreads butter on one side of a baguette, then places several slices of Brie cheese on the sandwich. The chef then spreads jam on the other side of the baguette.
A man spreads soft, salted butter on bread. He then spreads fruit jam on one of the slices, and peanut butter on the other. He puts the two slices together, cuts the sandwich into triangles, and arranges it on a plate.
This video shows poor technique for making a fried egg. It begins by showing the necessary tools and ingredients: a pan, a stove, some butter, and some eggs. It then shows the cook frying an egg in the pan. He doesn't use enough butter, so the egg tears apart when he tries to flip it. 
This video is visualizing a narrative called Mending Wall. In the video there is a guy and a wall and another person, they represent two neighbors and the wall between them. In the video they put stones on the wall as a simile for building fences.
There are trees in the woods. There is snow on the ground and it is snowing. There are benches covered in snow and a wooden platform in the woods.
This is a TED talk. It is about the ambiguity of what sparks inspiration and creativity.
A woman is dicing broccoli. She puts the diced broccoli in a pan and adds water. She is steaming broccoli.
It is a scene from a video game. A female avatar is jumping over laser traps.
A grandmother is singing a lullaby to put the baby to sleep.
This is a cooking video for making pancakes. A woman talks about the ingredients and shows how to flip the pancakes.
This is a theological text video about conspiracy theories.
This music video is a slide show composed of sky scenes. 
An asian guy in a hoodie . He is singing and making handgestures. There are some caps and a poster on the wall behind him.
A beautiful asian girl singing a song. She has got long hair and big eyes.
This is a music video. A female singer is singing at a rooftop of a building in Manhattan. She wears a red dress and a feather boa. There are urban scenes from Manhattan, New York that shows the skyscrapers, the subway and taxis. She is singing while sitting in a chair holding a flower.
A sniper rifle is placed outdoors in a field. The target of the rifle is very far away. A black man with long hair successfully shoots the target. There is a blue car in the background of that man.
A woman is cooking in a kitchen. She uses cream , mayonnaise and some kind of sauce to make a paste of them. Then she sprinkles some garlic salt and black pepper on that paste and mixes it well.
There is a baby chewing on his hand. There is a toddler on a bridge. There are people on a beach. A person is driving. A person walks in grass near their car. A person stands on a large rock.
A picture of a video game cover. It contains a man holding a gun and a desert scene with a crashed plane in the background. There are words at the top and bottom of the page. Music plays in the background.
This is video of an indoor gymnasium. A woman walks in with a dog. The dog keeps following the woman wherever she goes. The woman keeps on making some hand gesture while walking.In the end the woman hugs the dog.
A first person view of a person running down the street with a gun and shooting people. It is in a video game. 
A woman is teaching to cook. She is wearing a white chef's uniform and puts two rectangular white blocks on a plate and takes out a bottle of sauce.
There are peeled eggs in a blue bowl. Someone mashes them with a fork.
Two men in capes talk to each other. There are many behind them. Soccer players stand and run on a soccer field. Fans cheer at a sports game. There are pictures of soccer stadiums. 
There is a small version of a video arcade game. A person's hands unplug it. A raspberry pi loading screen appears on the screen of the device. A game begins playing. A person uses their thumbs to control the game.
An old advertisement for chicken eggs. Mostly a cartoon with a real life image.
A Video game shows a scene with grass, mountains, and a river. There are a few characters in the setting. There are some grids that appear, and people will appear on screen and have word bubbles. There are some menus in the game.
A young woman is blending anchovies, lemon juice, garlic, olive oil, egg yolk, and mustard to make dressing. She already has the lettuce for her salad in a large metal bowl in front of her. 
There is a video of a road. cars drive on the road. There are some hills in the background. There are some advertising signs and banners. The car goes under a bridge.
Narration on the ineffectiveness of a vaccine. Maybe about a conspiracy theory.
A man talks. He stands next to a whiteboard and talks. He writes on the whiteboard in German.
Man in the frame lighting a cigarette, repeatedly smoking and talking.
This is a video of a dance performance. There are a number of people on stage, but the camera follow a blond girl wearing an elaborate pink dress. At one point between dances, the girl holds up a small dog for the audience to see.
A woman puts avocados, tomatoes, chick peas, olives, basil, a read seasoning, a brown seasoning, and salt into a bowl. She mixes the bowl and adds olive oil and a juice. She stirs it.
There is a furnace. There is kerosene next to it.
This is a clip from a racing game. Car number 24 overtakes several other cars and finishes neck and neck with car 44.
A man uses tongs to put chicken on a grill. He uses tongs to turn and flip the pieces of chicken. He closes the grill lid.
There is a bike path. There is grass, trees, and a fence. There is a building and a parking lot filled with cars. There are telephone poles. There is a large building with an arced roof and large windows. there is a water slide. There is a bus and houses. A man walks down the street.
Writing appears on a piece of paper in cursive. It is a math problem.
A woman in a white chef jacket removes some ribs from a tinfoil covered plate and places them on a grill. She brushes them with barbecue sauce and closes the grill. She flips the ribs.
Trailer for a short film. Might involve murder canonical serial murderer and a hapless woman.
A man spreads cream cheese onto a tortilla wrap. He then places salmon over the cream cheese.
Several persons speaking on camera. The topic might be about cars, linux and automobile computer systems.
Several men dressed in medieval costumes talking to other people on a street. There is a crew filming the action. A juggler performs and one of the men tries to juggle.
A woman is preparing food using eggs and flour. She beats the mixture in a bowl.
Flour is sifted into a metal bowl. Coco powder is sifted in next. Sugar is pored into the bowl next, followed by melted butter, eggs, a little vanilla extract, and milk. He mixes the ingredients together with a wooden spoon. The entire mixture is poured into a cake tin. The video cuts away to the fully cooked cake. He puts on icing, slices the cake, and eats it.
The video is of the sky and focus is on an very captivating cloud formation. Possibly a UFO. Might be an odd mixture of pollutants.
A woman cuts what looks like a pear into small pieces. She adds salt to boiling water and adds the cut pears to it.
A series of teenagers are shown. Each speaks directly to the camera, saying a sentence which begins with the words I believe . 
A man is cooking something. He adds eggs and other ingredients to a large bowl and beats them. He then adds cream to the mixture.
This is a video of a pot lid rocking back and forth.
A large number of people are walking around. Some of them are stepping on what looks like sheets of asbestos.
A man is putting on handcuffs and focusing on them. He is unable to perform normal tasks with them.
A woman is talking about multiple cooking ingredients and a cooking vessel. She beings adding ingredients to the bowl and preparing them. She then eats them and gloats about it.
A man is adding some product and some protein to a container. He is then mixing them with a blender.
Trailer for a lan party imposed on a shot of several rows of gamers.
Video about the features of a design software.
A man is driving a speedboat on a sea. The speedboat is shaking very much. The engine of the speedboat is causing waves in the sea. There is another man other than the driver.
two men in a room. They are talking. Then there is are shot of streets with people walking.They all have a pendant or clip in shape of 3. A person is making those pendants. 3 people walk into a shop.
One man driving a car. 2 men talking to a third person. Many people protesting. A trial is taking place and a person is speaking. Some one is writing on a white board with marker.
A river is flowing under a bridge. On the side there is a road with some people walking.
Woman cooking, cuts up a pickle. Adds dressing to a bowl and mixes contents.
Video game involving car racing, played in Russian. Car drives around a circuit with occasional multiple views of the car.
This video displays text on the screen which tells the history of Christmas traditions. Christmas music plays in the background.
Ceremonial dance of an African tribe. Involves elaborate costume and plume.
Woman cooking. Adds oil and other ingredients and mixes them. Adds beans and green leaves to another bowl, mixes them and then adds what looks like cheese.
Feature about a Church. Shots of a statue and bell tower.
Baseball game played by little kids. Couple of replays of the same pitch.
Man on a beach playing guitar and singing. Sea gulls feature in the background.
Static image of a pony playing a cello with written text on the sides.
A man talking about the differences between a lawyer and bondsman.
Video of a small fish tank describing the setup of the apparatus that sustains the fish.
Woman talking about cooking a barbeque of beans along with spices. She cooks them in a silver foil.
Static image of a man making a triangle with this hands and looking through them.
Female chef making what looks like french toast.
Older woman preparing some kind of spinach mix with lots of product.
A video of a natural flume leading into a large body of water.
BGM for the video game of the series Lost
Video of one spider attacking another on a glass pane.
Webcast HOW TO for a university website login.
Woman cooking something with egg yolk and yogurt.
Woman talking about something on record, facing multiple cameras.
Small american capitalist conspiracy protest rally. Multiple persons holding signs.
This is a video of a protest. There is a line of police officers enclosing the protesters. The protesters are upset about the police's presence and conduct. They are yelling into loudspeakers and waving signs.
Two men use their iPhones and rap. One man with a hat bobs his head in time with the rap.
Someone pours water, carrots, and potatoes in a pan. He puts beef and onion in a sautee pan with olive oil and seasoning and sautees it. He slices and butters bread, then puts sauteed ground beef, bologna, salami, lettuce, and cucumber in the slice.
A man symbol and a woman symbol come together. The man symbol wears a tuxedo and the woman symbol a dress. There are then pictures of people. There is a line of people holding cloth with tassles. There is a picture of gifts. There is a man and a woman in traditional clothing. There are many people with mugs of beer.
A man is talking. There are trees, a chain link fence, a slide and a pool in the background.
A man gets on a motorcycle and drives away. The video then follows him from first person perspective driving his motorcycle through traffic.
A woman is demonstrating how to make pesto. She is stirring the ingredients together and adding olive oil. When she s done, she spreads it on pizza dough.
This is a demonstration of how to use Microsoft excel. The user deletes a few rows, then a few columns.
A man plying a piano in a room. This is a cover video.
A tutorial screen cast on setting up a broadband Internet connection.
A video about the use of water in Bangladesh. This is probably part of a documentary.
A Chinese language Mandarin? video about the history of Computing and the Internet.
A parody video of a week's top ten English language music videos.
A screencast based tutorial on Matrix algebra. 
A disc jockey is playing music. Many people are dancing.
A Swedish awareness video about the state of humanity.
A pet dog wandering around a beach. Some people are talking.
A band is playing some music. Some people are dancing.
Many people watching a shower advertisement and demonstration.
Video about the features of a door lock. Discusses the internals of the locking system and the design of the key.
Video of a news interview of a sports professional.
Video about gardening. Talks about the setup, construction and the environment.
This is a video from the game minecraft. The players are shown running around blowing things up.
A woman standing in a field and talking. There are trees behind her and a small hill as well. There us a small tub of water behind her and she points to it. There is also a small house behind her. In the end she walks away.
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on a chair in middle of a forest. There is a table in front of him. Another man is talking to him. Some flying virtual objects appear in front of him. One of those objects contain a receipt and another one contains a gun. There is golden wrist watch. He goes to an office where many people are working.
A classroom with many little kids. A woman is teaching them on a white board. She has a marker on her hand. The teacher asks question one of the students raises hand and then answers that question. The teacher is then interacting with many students one by one. Then all the students start doing some actions with their arms.
A man is talking. Now the main picks up a book in his hand. He takes out a small piece of paper from that book. He then opens a page of the book and shows it. He keeps holding the book in his hand and continues on talking.
Many people dancing and playing drum. They are standing in a field. There are some people in the background and a child standing on their side.
This video is a music video showing only a static image of the singer
A woman is showing how to make a tuna sandwich. She first breaks the tuna into smaller chunks and mixes mayonnaise and onions into the tuna. Next she applies butter to two pieces of bread and puts the tuna mixture in between them to complete the sandwich.
A person sits on a chair in a room with a window, a desk, a calendar, and a cork board. He talks, clasping his hands and gesturing.
A woman with blond, shoulder length hair, earrings and a flowery shirt talks in front of a sign.
People hold signs in front of a Wells Fargo location. A woman talks. Inside a bank, more people protest, holding a banner, and another woman talks. A woman holds a megaphone.
Men walk through a room with posters. A man adjusts cords connected to an amplifier. A man holds a microphone up to another man.
The remains of a building are shown. There is a crater in the ground.
A woman rides in a car. She wears a hat and scarf. She looks out the window. A person rides in a canoe down a river with a paddle. There is a road outside. The sun is out and there is one cloud in the sky. A person gets into a canoe from a dock. A woman wearing a life jacket rides in a canoe outside in the water. Women ride in rapids.
Trees are outdoors. A girl sticks her head out the window of a moving car. A man walks through the woods. A girl stands in a tree. A girl in a dress and a shirtless man run down the beach.
A young man with glasses drinks some beer out of a bottle. He holds a pencil in his hand and writes something down on paper. There is another young man in the background drinking something out of a can. There is cake on the table and many other bottles. There are three girls in the room.
A woman with blond hair and glasses sitting at a table talks with a piece of paper in front of her to others sitting and standing. She flips the paper and continues speaking. Another man enters the room and she leaves the chair. Another man approaches the chair and begins to sit in it.
Pilots sit in a room with maps in front of them. They speak to each other. There is an airplane, which some pilots sit in the cockpit of. A man talks in front of a plane. The plane flies in the air. A tractor approaches the plane. A man talks in the snow.
A sniper site aims at targets and shoots. In the views are lights, palm trees, and a helicopter.
A satellite flies over a view of the earth. Clouds can be seen from this view, as well as lights in cities. There are many views of San Fransisco, including the Golden Gate Bridge. People walk around a city in Japan with umbrellas. Billboards flash advertisements. a face shaped light board displays many human and stylized faces and advertisements.
A woman brushes her hand through her hair. A man squirts oil from a bottle into his palm and rubs it through the woman's hair. he squirts mousse into his hand and uses a comb to run it through the woman's hair. He blow dries her hair and puts pins in it, then sprays it and teases it with a brush. He sprays it more.
A person works on a computer screen. There is an image of grass, but then a changing blue and white geometric image goes on top of it.
A person drives in a car past emergency workers looking at a car that has had its front smashed. It passes another wrecked car and more emergency workers, along with many emergency vehicles with flashing lights, including three firetrucks.
Outside in a fenced area, there are many white structures on grass. Beyond the fence, there is a house.
Men set up a stage area inside a tent. Women with headdresses play instruments. A man speaks on the stage.
There is a computer desktop with a picture of a man running. A web browser opens and text is typed into a search bar. A minecraft page is pulled up, and a file is downloaded. The download is opened. A virtual world of minecraft is opened.
There is a factory. There is a question mark with eyes. There are molecules. There are lightning bolts and cars on a highway. There is an x ray of a human's lungs. There is an umbrella in the rain. There are pictures of plants.
There is a large building in a city. People ride bikes nearby, and there are grassy areas nearby. 
People stand by the lake. Across the lake, there are many buildings. Some people take pictures of the area. 
A water balloon hanging from a tree pops. The ribbon to which it was attached continues to swing from the tree.
A bald man in a suit and tie talks. A man with short grey hair and glasses wearing a t shirt and sitting in a chair talks. A woman walks with canes to assist her. A woman performs balancing exercises. A woman in a green shirt and shorts attempts to walk on a line. A man lifts weights and uses workout machines. Women lift weights and use workout machines.
A woman pours liquid from one barrel into a bucket. She spreads a white substance into a container. She talks. She shakes powder into a bucket. She watches a man in an apron.
A main with a black painted face wearing a tank top drinks from a flask. Another man with a white painted face and a yellow floral shirt talks.
There is a picture of a man holding a mug and a cane. He wears pink slippers and shorts and a yellow shirt. He has grey hair and wears glasses. He stands with three brown bunnies on a hill and looks at a smiling sun. Music plays in the background. 
A music video with a man playing a guitar to a woman. Also involves another man playing a ukelele. Had random shots of the man doing random things.
There are cars in a room with a circular roof and concrete floors. A door is open to the outside. There are traffic fences. There is a person driving a car outside. A car drives on a road outdoors. 
A Russian video with a man talking on a Russian news radio show.
People ride bikes in the dirt near a hill with trees. They all wear helmets. They arrive at a barn. Some people stand and watch.
A video advertising a PVP service for old school games. Probably an underground network.
A documentary style video on the effects of global warming and coal dependence for energy.
An advertisement for a local spelling bee contest.
A video news letter for a fashion school parade.
People are outdoors in the snow. Some pictures are during the day. Some are at night. A person rides a bike. Another person holds a flashlight. There is a statue of a person on a fish. 
An instructional math tutoring video. Presents elementary material, probably for younger children. 
There are two people outside with bike.s a person rides a bike down a ramp. Both people jump and turn on and around obstacles on bikes. 
A baseball instructional video. Talks about pitching rules that are probably considered professional.
There is a computer screen. A mouse moves to click a picture and cycles through many pictures. Some message boxes come up. 
A person rides their bike over a ramp onto another. Their back wheel gets caught on the second ramp and they fall on the ground. They lie on the ground with a scraped arm.
An endoscopy video clip down the thorax.
Girls in baseball uniforms play baseball. One team wears green uniforms and the other wears blue and white uniforms. Spectators watch and cheer.
A badly photo shopped UFO video near the surface of the sun during a coronal ejection.
Many computers sit in a dark room. They all play the same music video on their screens.
A European by stander video of an accident involving a fire. Has emergency services acting on it.
A person shoots at someone running through a store in a video game. 
People dance in a dark room with neon lights. It is difficult to see. 
A tribute video of the British Olympian Jessica Ennis.
A man in swim shorts does exercises in the water. We see his body underwater. A man in a blue shirt in a living room with a TV behind him talks. 
A montage of oil paintings. Paintings are of multiple subjects.
A screen cast on how to mod minecraft environment.
A catholic priest wearing a gold cross speaks on a stage to many people sitting in a stadium. Other priests sit behind him on red couches, and other people sit behind them. There is a podium on the stage. Some people listen on headphones. The Pope waves to people in crowds outside as he rides on a boat. The pope kneels on a large stage. Young men carry a cross.
A gaming video featuring World of Warcraft.
There is a picture of a man in a hood. There is a picture of three soldiers. There is a picture of many soldiers holding guns. Soldiers lounge at a table. A man looks over a hill through the site of a gun. There is a grave.
A home video featuring a boy and his instructor playing the guitar.
A planet circles a red sun. The planet looks dark. The sun flares.
A video taken from the audience of a death metal concert.
A young man in a black marshal arts uniform with a mullet demonstrates marshal arts forms with two curved blades. Young children, many in white marshal arts uniforms, watch the performance.
A TV advertisement about the stupidity of an ATM transaction fees.
A 3D model world comparing two automobiles from multiple views.
An animated woman with black hair and an animated man on roller blades fight in unarmed combat. The woman wins all three rounds of the match.
A music concert video with multiple persons singing and dancing on stage.
An animated video of the harlem shake in a bake shop.
A rainbow pony looks at a radio. He pulls a lever and a conveyor belt turns. Other ponies watch. The rainbow pony points at a screen with images of deadly things on it. He dances. He Talks angrily at another pony. A pony with yellow hair wears a hat and sings. 
Men stand around a large motor as a man with ear covers starts the motor. Some people cover their ears with their hands. People take pictures.
A Spanish video about support for a politician against the mortgage law.
A young woman with blond hair talks. She holds up a hair straightener and a hair tie. She turns around to show her hair. She braids her hair into braids and ties the ends. She runs the hair straightener over the braids. She sprays the braids with hair spray. 
A hand holds Lego gears. It places a piece in the center and turns a lever. The piece placed in the gears spins.
An army airplane sits on an aircraft carrier runway. It takes off into the sky as people standing on the runway clap.
There are many brief pictures of buildings. some are at an airport. A person holds a gun. 
A man stands at a podium and speaks into a microphone. A girl holds something on the podium for him. People look on and hold papers behind him. Behind them is a wall.
There is a crescent moon which moves across a black sky. 
Someone rides on a road on a bike. They are outside. It is daytime, and there are mountains, trees, and grass around the road. Other people pass the person filming. Cars and trucks drive by the bikers.
A globe spins. The country of Thailand comes out of it. There is an outdoor sunset scene. A girl speaks with a picture of many alcoholic beverages behind her. An outdoor scene appears with people on a boat in the lake. The boat has a slide. A map of Laos appears. There is another picture of beers. A singer dances and sings on a stage outdoors at nighttime.
Music from Mario with a static image in the background.
Audiobook of Anatomy of the State by Murray Rothbard. A man is reading the book to us, and there is a picture of a man, who is presumably Murray Rothbard, on the screen.
Pictures from a body building competition. Men oiled up and posing, flexing their muscles.
Man painting a building with a paintbrush.
Man painting a building with a paintbrush.
Man messing with a circuit. The circuit is on a breadboard, and includes several diodes, and an LED. The circuit diagram is displayed on a sheet of paper.
Woman talking about how to start a non profit company, and the laws and regulations involved. She is standing in front of a blue wall with some kind of metallic modern artwork on it.
Spanish news broadcast which shows nurses drawing blood from a number of patients. Presumably, these are blood donors. Man in a suit then says something to an audience, then another man blows out the candles on a cake.
Military lifting a tarp covered aeroplane with a crane on what appears to be a aircraft carrier. Small crowds of people are watching.
Optometrist speaking directly to the camera. She points to a diagram of an eyeball, while explaining something.
Video of a graduation ceremony. Students walk by in black graduation robes. A few students are interviewed to find out how they feel about graduation ceremonies.
Piano music playing while the corresponding sheet music is displayed in the video.
Video of a rocky beach, and the waves breaking on the shore. It is an overcast day.
Man in his room rapping about oompa loompas. Several clips of oompa loompas from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory are displayed.
Man talking about evolution and the similarity in the bone structure of very different species. He shows images of the bone structures of humans, cats, whales, and bats to reinforce his point.
A collection of young girls talking about what their ambitions are and giggling.
Programming tutorial on how to use handlebars, a JavaScript template library.
Slide show of pictures of cars from a car show.
Person giving a tutorial on playing the game Runescape. He demonstrates how to turn items into gold.
Video of a bird flying. At one point, it is shown perched on a branch.
This is probably a tutorial for developing software. 
This is a 3d animation of a train passing.
A man throws a paper airplane from the window of a building, then we see the paper airplane flying over people, around the downtown.
A band is making live jazz music. They are playing saxophones, cello, drums and guitar.
The video starts with a female singer is singing and playing guitar on stage. It is an interview with the singer in German.
 A man tells about 9 11 as he is travelling in a bus, we see the sckscrapers and traffic of new york. The man gets out of the bus in a wheelchair and a group of people are there to greet him. He visits the Ground Zero memorial at World Trade Center site.
The video shows the traces of a jet plane in the sky.
This is a special news program for the navy. The news anchor tells about Warrior Games and shows athletes. A navy nurse is commemorated.
The video shows mechanical toys, they work when a button is pressed. 
This is an underwater video of a shark swimming in a pool. There are lots of bubbles. There are also two divers in the pool with oxygen tanks.
This is a my little pony cartoon video. The pony is singing and dancing in the forest surrounded by butterflies, birds, rabbits and squirrels. We see scenes of a race between ponies. All the animals began to run in terror. In the next scene they all gather together and they seem happy. The pony tries to jump through cloud like circles in air but falls down and slides on ice. 
The video shows scenes of a soccer game from a videogame.
A rock band is performing live at a small indoor stage. There is a drummer, two guitarists and a solist. 
People of different races and from different countries are speaking about something in their own native language
This is a video on regression analysis involving multiple variables. The teacher is a woman. She patiently teaches the formulae in the slides. 
A gemstone is being displayed in this video. The stone is green in color and one of its faces is transparent enough to see the inside of the stone up to the surface behind.
The video shows a first person shooter game. The player is moving with a gun killing the enemy and reloading often. The scene in the video game is unusually realistic and shows an urban scene with buildings, paved streets, cars, fence and foliage in incredible detail
A woman shows how to make different types of colorful icing for cup cakes using natural ingredients. First she prepares an icing consisting of lemon juice and icing sugar. Then she prepares an icing made of blueberries.
This video seems to be about an ancient monument and taken by a tourist. The monument is mostly made of brick and is not too tall. The building is located in a rural setting.
This is a video showing places to see and things to do around the rural city of Carlingford. The places include a marina, lighthouse, heritage center, waterfront and the rural landscape outside. The video also shows people rowing and biking. Towards the end, some clips on the nightlife is shown where people are having drinks and food in a pub and dancing too.
This video shows some footage of the wild beauty of the Alaskan landscape. The video is shot at south Anchorage and shows the different types of cloud formation during the mostly sunset.
A person is riding an elevator up to floor nine starting from the basement. The facility seems to be a modern hospital. The elevator has wooden panels all inside it.
This video shows a first person shooter video game. The scene shows a plane crash site but the graphics is not that detailed. The player is moving around with a gun shooting other people.
This video shows a first person shooter game. The realism of the scene is good. The player moves around and jumps shooting other people with a gun. The video shows smoke trails of bullets after firing which looks good from the gaming point of view.
Map of Europe labelled with stereotypic descriptions of each region.
There are many young people in a room. There are young men on drums, guitars, and speaking into a microphone. They begin singing and playing music.
Pictures of a forest with a lake in the middle is shown. There appears to be a line in the middle of the lake, which the text that appears indicates is a sinkhole. 
There is an artistic picture of a person. There is a graph. There are pictures of suns with flares. There is a moving map of the earth and its cloud patterns. More pictures of suns with flares are shown. Another graph is shown. Videos of moving clouds are shown. There are more pictures of suns. There is a picture of Godzilla next to a nuclear reactor.
There is text on a screen which says Twelve American Preludes. Many scores of music are then shown. 
There is a picture of flowers. There is a picture of wavy lines. There are pictures of several bohemian styled rooms.
A young man sits in a chair. Another young man sits in a chair. People stand outside in the dark as one person does a cartwheel.
There is an image of purple blobs. On top are words. Music plays in the background.
The words Horror Business are on the screen. 
A middle aged balding man talks. Behind him is a window and a bookshelf. Things on a computer screen are shown.
A young woman in a tank top talks. There are bikes behind her. Men ride on bikes. One man falls off his bike. A bike is shown and various parts are highlighted and named. The woman holds a bike tire. 
A young man with brown hair and an earring wearing a suit jacket looks forward and grins.
There is a shooter game. A person holding a gun walks around warehouses and offices and shoots at people. 
There is an escalator. A person rides up the escalator and then down the escalator.
A person shows their tablet. A compass appears on the tablet and as the person turns it the compass turns to point north.
People stand in a park. A person carries an American flag and many hold signs. It is a protest for the occupy movement.
Man showing off an old Star Wars action figure. It is still in the box. He appears to be selling it.
Math lesson on how to raise a fraction to a power.
Video of a snake show. A king cobra is released onto the floor. A man grabs it behind its head. A copper headed racer almost manages to bite the man.
Young women dance in a night club as a DJ plays music.
A woman whisks eggs and pours them into a pan.
A 2d game is played where molecules are created from combinations of elements.
The word skepticism is shown and the definition is shown.
Many people play drums outside while children run, dance, and play in front of them.
An old man teaches about musical notation in front of a white board.
A logo for a website is surrounded by waves moving to the beat of music playing. In the background there is a picture of a galaxy.
In a video game, people walk around outside. Video game characters rob a bank and shoot people.
Men stand in a room and talk. One of them has face tattoos.
People walk around tractors. A man talks in an office about crops and farming.
A man stands on a stage and talks about the bible and Christianity, gesturing with his arms.
Men play a game of flag football while Marines and civilians watch.
A man in a vest plays guitar on the street during daytime as others watch.
Asian tourists stand on a Navy ship. The ship has flags from many countries.
An Asian man with glasses talks in an office.
People go through boxes and papers in a United States Postal Service post office.
A man bats in a game of baseball. Men run around the bases when he hits the ball.
Adults look at a water tower where children are playing. People look at a mountain with a carving in it. A train drives by. There are many outdoor scenes, including one of fireworks by the carved mountain at nighttime.
A sky view of a mountain with a road is shown.
Gold earrings with flower designs spin, attached to a black piece of foam.
There is a cathedral with people sitting in pews and standing.
A train drives on train tracks in a forested area and into a tunnel.
In a video game, a person shoots people with a gun in a rural area.
Cartoon characters sit in various places and look sad.
Two people ride on a motorcycle through the countryside.
A woman stands on stage and speaks at a podium as people look on. Behind her is a lake. People swim and boat in the lake. Construction vehicles dig near the water.
Clouds blow over snow covered mountains during the daytime.
A large can releases color changing smoke outdoors.
Paintings of outdoor scenes are shown as classical music plays.
There are trees outside the dark, and then there is blackness. Suddenly, fireworks explode in the air.
A museum is shown where there are many comics, books, and videos. The museum is called found in translation. 
A picture of a heart is on a chalkboard, and a man speaks about the heart in French.
A man stands next to a crucifix in a Cathedral and talks about it.
An electronic device used for music production is demoed as a young man plays on the drums.
A young man talks about politics in his bedroom. He also talks about a book, which he shows.
Legos float onto a board to create a structure that looks like a building. The structure rotates.
A boy holds up a bible and yells into a megaphone outside. He stands on a carton. Adults stand nearby him and look on, some taking pictures. An adult man speaks into the megaphone.
A man talks about medical research in front of a whiteboard.
A math problem is solved on a computer screen.
A group of young people performs music together indoors.
People stand outside waiting for a race to start.
People watch a hybrid helicopter airplane fly through the air.
A woman spreads dressing on corn and barbecues it.
Beef kebabs cook on a grate on top of burning wood.
A man talks about emancipation day outside in front of a building.
A woman cooks muffins using a boxed mix and fresh ingredients.
A boy in a backwards cap talks about YouTube content producers he likes.
People watch an outdoor rock concert from a hill. It appears to be cloudy.
Music plays as a scene of birds flying outdoors through a cloudy sky over trees is shown.
Many people speak in another language as scenes from Albanian history are shown. People talk about creating clothing with Albanian symbols on them.
A middle aged man in a suit and tie talks about families.
A full moon moves across a dark sky. The camera zooms in and out on it.
A toy truck drives around outside in the snow near a fence.
A transparent body shows the nervous system. Biological components are shown as the disease Multiple Sclerosis is explained.
A person on a bike gets cut off by a car on the road when a bike lane ends.
This is an advertisement for a company. The company website is shown. A video of a man is shown working and answering a phone.
Music plays. There is a small picture of a young person.
A group of young people play guitar and sing music into microphones in a room with rug. There are books on the wall.
There are pictures of many dresses and pieces of jewelry in a store.
Young men lift weights and do push ups and dips in a gym. 
Boats float on a river outside under a cloudy sky. A boat is lifted up in a lock.
Outdoors in the country the weather looks very stormy.
Young men play rock music indoors on a guitar and drum set.
Two women in a news station about Justin Beiber speeding in his car.
A woman speaks in French in her office. Her office is messy.
People play drums outdoors on the street. People in orange streets hold a banner.
A woman cooks scrambled eggs with bacon on a burner.
A young man in a hoodie plays guitar and sings in a dark room.
People compete in a game of foosball. A young man talks on the phone in the background. A man yells at the young men playing foosball.
A man talks about the people he is cut off from because of his beliefs with a list of the things he says.
A middle aged woman with long brown hair and earrings speaks in a different language.
Teenage boys talk near a pool outdoors. One claps.
Men in blue polo shirts make food at a food bar. 
A person shows a map of the united states and the nuclear reactors on it, as well as the pollution of the United state. He shows a global map.
A petty officer reports on child abuse prevention campaigns and personnel records audits in an all hands update.
There is a picture of a young man with curly brown hair and a young woman with long dark hair.
People sit in a truck on the street outside in Iran.
There are words in another language in white text on a black background.
People tour a winery and do a wine tasting. They eat gourmet food.
A person reviews the Google Chrome browser for android.
Someone speaks in French about information. Graphs appear as visual aids.
A person exits an apartment into the snow. He walks down a road and past a sign.
People who have graduated from grades of school hold diplomas.
A rave. There is a lights show, and a crowd of people dancing. The room is smoky and loud.
A person demonstrates how to measure the density of a liquid and a solid using a graduated cylinder and a scale.
A woman in a green coat talks about low performing students. Graphs are shown to prove her statements wrong.
Men in hardhats walk through a foggy area with mountains in the background. They dance.
A plane spins its blades outside in the dark.
A person in a helmet rides a dirt bike through the woods.
Men in women sit and stand outdoors. Most of them are in formalwear.
A man stands in a salon and talks. He makes many takes of the same lines.
A woman talks about the city of Hanoi and shows scenes of the city. She also talks about food in Hanoi.
A young man in a hooded sweatshirt talks. There is a picture of a person meditating outside across from a pond and a bird on a rock.
Two men in shorts and t shirts compete in table tennis.
Steam fills a room room from the ceiling. A person talks about the smoke screen system.
Outside, sand splashes from the bottom of a lake. The camera surfaces and we see above the water.
People imitating Bill Gates and Steve Jobs rap about their accomplishments. The lyrics and a translation appear at the bottom of the screen.
A person walks up and down the stairs in a video game.
A man talks and cooks using fruits and vegetables.
White words with a black background are on the screen. There is an anarchy symbol in the background.
Arcs expand and contract between connected colored nodes to simulate a moving blob.
A woman lieutenant in uniform talks about losing a friend to suicide.
An old bald an in red glasses and a suit talks about the economy. 
A white cat paws at a glass door and is let inside.
A picture of planets moving around the earth.
Music plays. The words funk & blues appear in yellow on a purple designed background. 
A young man in a black t shirt with words talks.
A hand turns a miniature house made of Legos. He opens it to reveal it as a dollhouse on the inside.
A person demonstrates how to duplicate items in Minecraft.
A book is read by someone. The cover of the book is shown as well as the author of the book.
A person plays music on a beige home organ. Sheet music and a statue of a composer sit atop the organ, as the man sits on a bench.
The half life symbol and cover of the half life game are shown.
A man puts ingredients on a wrap. He rolls up the wrap and tucks in the ends. He slices it in half.
The title and author of a book are shown and a person reads the book as the text is shown.
A woman mixes many ingredients together in a bowl.
A message of action taken on a spam report is shown.
A person talks and an image of a ghost is shown in black and white.
A mountain scene is viewed from under an overhang held up by columns.
The bust of Sigmund Freud is shown and spoken of. His life is described. Buildings relevant to his life are shown.
A middle aged man in a suit with glasses talks about companies.
This is an advertisement for a food production company. They have pictures of people in labs and pictures of people in kitchens.
A very fit Asian woman in a bikini and heels walks and poses in a gym.
Two cats look at each other through the window of a closed sliding door. They scratch at the window trying to get to each other. Another cat joins in at the end of the video.
A blue monster truck rolls over cars in a dirt area. There are other monster trucks and people in the background.
Two colorful explosions happen in a starry night sky.
A young man and a young woman escape from being tied up and run from a masked captor. A band plays rock music. The man and woman meet in a night club and kiss.
Music plays. There is a picture of a cartoon character in punk clothes with animal ears and horns holding a microphone.
A person talks about the problems with an intersection that he stands near. He reveals a billboard with a map. Others talk about the intersection as well.
A young man holding a baseball bat talks about baseball teams. Pictures of baseball players on the field are shown.
A woman makes waffles in her kitchen. She uses many bowls, a whisk, and a blender.
A song plays. There is a cartoon picture of two ponies snuggling.
Plants in a garden with flowers and decorations next to a fence are shown. It is cloudy and there is a house nearby.
The engine of a car turns on while the hood is open. Parts move inside the engine.
A video game character cuts the chain of a chandelier he stands on and swings toward a painting.
A person talks about junk files on a computer. People look anxious and tired at their computers. The interface of a program to remove junk files is shown.
A woman stands in a puppet tent and moves the hand of a puppet sitting inside around a small chess board.
A modified game of slots with cartoon characters is played.
An ad fro swim lessons is shown. The ad's messages are displayed on an iPad screen. There are images of people swimming.
The spherical building at CERN is shown. A model of the building was put in a vacuum chamber and electricity was applied, and plasma patterns appear.
A boat drives on a lake surrounded by green mountains under a partly cloudy sky. The boat approaches the beach of an island and drives away.
People have a meeting in a large room with a chandelier, columns, and a video screen which shows the speaker on a microphone.
Young men rap and drive on the road in cars. They also rap in a parking lot and a car garage.
In a video game, a person goes into a door. They enter into a church, in which a priest conducts a wedding ceremony. There are cat people and a dragon in the church.
A man with a beard and a black t shirt talks about information security. He then wears a jacket and tie. He plays multiple roles.
A person goes up a high escalator. Other peoples' feet walk across a tile floor. They go up another escalator.
People wait for the train and drink beer. People sit on a train and drink. People eat in a train. Tourists walk around a city.
A young man talks in a room with a guitar behind him.
Some white color plastic objects. Then a visual of gun firing. The video shows the recoil of the gun after firing. 
A jet plane flies through a blue sky, trailing clouds behind it.
A woman is talking. A little girl passes by behind her. The woman starts walking. She is standing in her garden. She has some object in her hand. Then she picks up a black color object from the ground. Then she places it back on the ground and starts pointing at it. The woman has a can in her hand. Some children are playing in the background.
Film equipment runs as a woman describes actor director clashes.
Many people walk on sandy ground outdoors.
Plants grow outdoors. They seem to go from being wilted to not wilted.
A woman is riding a horse . This woman is doing many tricks and acrobatics on the horse while the horse goes around in a circle. There is another woman she is standing in the center and holding the leash of the horse. The woman then gets down from the horse , the horse keeps on going around in circles. That woman then runs and climbs on the horse again and starts performing tricks again.
Music plays out of four Marshall guitar amplifiers.
A cartoon character man sings, spinning a cane. Women dance behind him. Many people work and bow to his statue.
Shelves full of binders and books sit in a room.
A man is holding a bandana in his hand. He then ties that bandana on his head. He ties a knot at the back of the bandana. After that he properly adjusts the bandana on his head. He then puts on sunglasses. 
A person makes religious jokes while jokes are shown.
Waves ripple on a lake in front of a city with a partly cloudy sky above.
A person talks about a drum set which is set up in his bedroom. A small video shows him setting up the drum set.
Some kind of outdoor concert is going on. Some people are dancing in a circle holding hands. One person is playing drums on a stage .There are other people on stage playing other instruments. Many people are dancing. Some people in audience are holding umbrella. A bearded person is singing on the stage. Eiffel tower is visible in the background.
Men, women, girls and boys say what psychoanalysis is about.
A person wearing military uniform is standing in a studio and reading out some news. There is a photo of another man in the screen behind him . That man also has some kind of military uniform on.
A presentation shows a map of the middle east and people being hit by soldiers. Construction vehicles tear down buildings.
This is an android OS game. This game consists of a space ship which has to shoot at incoming objects. It also has to navigate itself such that it doesn't crash into obstacles in the way.
In Minecraft, uses of TNT are shown. Explosions of TNT are demonstrated.
People stand in an airport in red coats. People are interviewed and speak into a microphone.
There is a picture of a man and a woman surrounded by a crowd next to text in another language.
Fluffy clouds float across a blue sky during the daytime.
There is a painted and skinned bulls head handing on the wall. Some children are playing paint buckets with sticks. There are some other men who are playing the drums with hand and instructing children how to play their paint buckets. Then they all stand up and come together then raise their hands.
A record in playing. A man is sitting on a car. That man is then sitting on a bench in a garden. That man has one prosthetic leg. There is a scenery of sea. 
There is a man on television. He is playing a guitar and singing. There is a car and that person is sitting in that car. Then again that person appears with a guitar in hand and singing. Now there is an animated picture of that person in car, driving. 
A man is talking to the camera. There is a painting on the wall behind him. There are also other decorative pieces handing on the wall behind him. The man has long hair.
There are many men with a lego box on a table. The whole video is sped up. There are many bowls on the table and 2 big glass candle holders. There is a laptop on the table. They are building a model of a bridge with lego blocks and the model of that bridge appears on the laptop. Finally they have built the replica of london bridge and laid a toy train track around the bridge.
This a makeup video. One woman is applying foundation on another woman. She is doing eye makeup of the other woman. Then she styles the hair of other woman with a curling iron. Then she shoots photos of the other woman outdoors. That woman poses in different places in different clothes for the photoshoot.
Model train moving along its track. There are other trains on different tracks, but they are stationary. The train tracks fill the entire room.
Music with a drawing of a cat in the background. The drawn cat has a party hat on, and a speech bubble saying It's party time . 
Video of the moon in its first quarter phase.
Monster truck ramps off a demolished car and into the air. The monster truck does a wheelie.
Aerial shot of a farm. Mobile app for managing your cows. Shots of cows in their pens, in a barn.
Massive monster truck with roller coaster style seating drives over three cars. A motorcycle, some kind of tank like vehicle, and other vehicles then drive by.
Remote control quadricoptor, or quad rotor helicopter, being flown in a living room.
Video about an elevator that skips the second floor.
Instructional video for applying makup from a particular brand of product,
Game play from a fantasy MMORPG. The character is killing monsters for items.
A chef giving the ingredients and amounts of spices for a coating for fish.
Construction toy video. Toy trucks driving around, racing to move plastic balls. Toy construction workers watch the action. Various structures built from the toy pieces as well.
Video describing a guitar amplifier of a particular brand.
Camera crew video of various footwear worn by women.
Time lapse nature video of the sky and cloud formations.
Music video of a band playing what looks like country music at a party.
Time lapse of artist sketching a car. The table is covered in drawings.
Video taken from the audience of a monster truck madness event.
Children swimming in a pool. Several have noodles, one has a boogie board. A little girl jumps in repeatedly, then steals the boogie board from the boy.
Video of a child playing and chasing a bird at a park.
Video clip of a military RPG shooter game.
Video of a miniature fuel powered race care.
Video game play from Grand Theft Auto 3, trying to clear a stunt with a Banshee on a ramp,
Costume play of ancient Greek at a beach.
A couple juggle a soccer ball with their feet, but they do it as a dance. They are very good.
A young woman with brown hair in a ponytail poses, modeling her outfit.
Two cats jump and play, trying to catch a cat toy.
A presentation in French plays. A person shows a first person shooter video game in a mall setting.
A man in a suit gives a speech on a baseball field.
A person does a battery test on a phone.
People climb an indoor rock climbing wall.
A woman walks through an airport, using her phone.
A young woman talks to a man in French. She then talks to another young woman, who acts possessed. She goes into a basement with a priest, and a man plays guitar. Young people hold a séance in the dark around a candle.
There is a scene from a town in Europe by the water outdoors with many buildings. There is a lake nearby.
Text describes information about a song that plays in the background.
Music plays over many pictures of a fluffy white cat.
A video of someone building a tower in Minecraft is sped up.
A swim instructor gives kids swimming lessons in a pool.
Many people dance in a dance circle outside. A man dances next to a burning fire.
A logo for a surveillance company pans across a green background.
A band with brass instruments, a cello, and a drum set plays in a dark room.
A band plays rock music in a dark room with lights flashing.
White text about music playing displays over a black background.
An iPhone and a Samsung Galaxy phone are shown side by side.
A man in a hat stands in a studio, singing and playing guitar.
The sky outside during the daytime has trails of many airplanes.
A young man sings and plays a song on an acoustic guitar.
Three men in a band plays heavy metal music on stage.
A young man does a bike trick outside and falls. People watch him fall and continue to eat food.
Young boys in yellow and blue uniforms play basketball.
A musical snow globe with a sailboat inside spins and plays music.
A man holds a television. Neon lights spin on the screen as sounds play. The empty room is filled with lamps and amplifiers. The man shakes the television.
A man in a suit talks about environmental and energy issues in Canada.
Children wearing green participate in a camp run by Marines. They do activities in the desert to understanding the things marines do on deployment.
Families and individuals sail in small sailboats on the lake near a green shore. On the shore there is grass, trees, and cows.
A man does metalworking. He wears rubber gloves and uses a light to see. It is unclear what he is making.
A woman in a suit gives legal advice in front of an ad for a company in the background.
People in yellow protest something outdoors.
People sit outdoors in the dark and watch a concert in a dome. A woman sings on stage as another woman plays piano behind her.
A woman applies liquid foundation to her face with her hands.
A puppy plays with the water in in a mostly empty kids pool outdoors. Another dog comes and sniffs at him.
A woman in glasses talks about supporting students throughout their academic career.
A toddler plays. He tries to put on and walk in flip flops that are too big for him. 
A young woman demonstrates how to break out of zip ties tied around her wrists. She has someone tighten them and then breaks them by pulling her arms back to her body.
A man plays electric guitar in a messy bedroom. The walls are covered in abstract paintings. There is a keyboard leaning against the wall. The man has his back to the camera.
A young man with long hair plays the electric guitar. He plays very fast.
A woman shows a video of a man answering questions about the Boston bombings.
There are video clips from a first person shooter game.
People run in the street in the Middle East. Some carry others who appear to be injured and many wear masks covering their mouths.
Emergency vehicles park near a truck which has been in an accident and tipped over.
A man very quickly ties and unties various shoes. We see him tie a sneaker and a boot this way. We see both a top and a front view of the tie as he demonstrates.
Two young women talk about a jar of coconut oil which one of them holds.
A robot looks around a table containing a ruler, a coffee mug, and a cartoon skeleton head.
Music plays as white words appear on a light blue background.
Men react to playing a scary video game. The video game is very dark and occasionally a very tall, slender man appears. The men get very scared.
People board a subway somewhere in Asia. The subway leaves the station.
There is a first person shooter game on a map in the snow.
A young woman demonstrates how to apply lip makeup. She uses chapstick, lipstick, glitter, foundation and a brush.
A roller coaster rides along a track. The roller coaster is outside near a lake. People scream as they ride the roller coaster.
A woman says a word in Italian that is on the screen in red text.
Kids play in the special Olympics. Middle aged women talk about the event. 
A women in a corset and lacy underwear poses next to a mirror. She is very thin, tan, and wears a small hat.
Two men in khakis, white shirts and ties spit out pacifiers.
A man sits on the floor. He demonstrates how to install shelves in a media center.
A man sits on the floor in a train station, singing and playing acoustic guitar. Some people walk by him.
People take pictures on their phones at a wedding. A fight breaks out over which phone is better.
A truck covered in mud rolls through a mud puddle in the woods. It drives in and out of the huge mud puddle multiple times. 
A 3d figure of an X moves across a desk, which has many office supplies.
People stand near police cars at night with their lights flashing. Police interview civilians. A priest is present as well.
A dog burrows under a quilt on a bed. He grabs something out from under the blanket.
People watch a monster truck at night. The monster truck jumps over cars.
A woman slices tofu. She mixes together ingredients for a sauce. She puts the tofu and sauce in a pan which she puts in the oven.
A man in a greenhouse with small pots of plants describes how to pick plants to grow.
A building is constructed with Legos. Lego men walk across the area and wade through the water. A scene is played out in the Lego scene in stop motion.
A young man stands on the seat and handlebars of his bike and rides it down the street. He does wheelies and other tricks. At the end, he falls off the bike.
A monster truck rolls over a car as people look on.
Scenes in London are shown. Athletes compete in various sports in the Olympics. It is a commercial.
A two dimensional, top down video game is played.
Teenage girls play basketball in an indoor court. A team in blue shirts plays a team in yellow shirts. The team in blue makes a free throw and makes a basket.
Men and women walk down a rocky beach coast. People talk about a proposition to put a terminal to export coal on the beach. The community does not want the company to build the terminal. A man in a pink shirt and large hat plays acoustic guitar.
A man gives a presentation where he controls a robot with a camera using a smart phone.
A band plays rock music on a stage. The crowd jumps up and down.
A four tier wedding cake with pink and yellow flowers is shown.
Two pictures of the Boston Marathon bombings are shown.
A woman slices apples and adds lemon juice and lemon zest to them. She is in a kitchen and wears an apron.
Boys play basketball in a courtyard outside. They are wearing normal clothes. 
A man creates something with various electronic parts. There are many parts on a desk. A multimeter shows the voltage created by the device he made.
A two dimensional game with moving circles is played.
The computer game Roller Coaster Tycoon is played.
A black man talks about how his wife does not let him go to the grocery store.
A toddler and a kid walk toward each other in a field surrounded by trees outdoors under a blue sky. The older child passes by the toddler.
Many pictures of an Anime character are shown. Music plays in the background.
A young woman puts on an apron outdoors. She points two the three pockets. She adjusts the apron.
A man butters bread and slices chicken. He makes a chicken sandwich with the slices, mayonnaise, pepper, cucumbers, tomatoes, and lettuce. He slices it into quarters an puts the pieces on a plate.
An old man rings a bell hanging from the ceiling. He rings it 21 times.
A rock band is playing. One person is playing guitar and one man is playing drum. Many people are dancing all around and doing head banging.It appears to be a scene of a rock concert.
A motorized remote control vehicle drives across the ground outdoors. It does wheelies and climbs the stairs. It occasionally crashes.
A happy baby lies on the floor and plays with a string on her mom's hoodie. She puts the string in her mouth.
A multimeter measures something as a candle flame heats something.
A man holds up his iPhone in the air and then drops it in a crowd.
A girl rides a mechanical bull indoors and people watch. She eventually falls off and goes to sit at a table.
Many people run in a race down a street during the daytime.
Many fish sit in a white bucket, then on a green outdoor table. Music plays in the background. A hand picks up a fish.
People teach kids swim lessons in an outdoor pool. On the ground are kickboards.
The scores and replays in a first person shooter are displayed.
A person battles in a two dimensional RPG game.
People of many ages and backgrounds are shown in black and white. They speak at the camera.
A general talks about the civilian workforce influence in the army.
Dolphins swim and jump in the water in the wake of a boat. People on the boat talk about the dolphins.
There is a small wooden bridge in the middle of a forest. One person riding a bicycle crosses the bridge. Another cyclist tries to cross the bridge but fall down while crossing.
Two kittens play together in a pet bed on the ground. They bite and claw at each other.
There are many army personnel in uniforms and military trucks are moving behind them. 4 army person are marching and 2 of them at the centre are holding flags. One army man takes a video camera from a room and walks out. One of the army men is giving interview and there are some shots of army men marching in night.
A person wearing cowboy hat is talking. There are many person wearing cowboy hats standing in a hospital near the bed of patients. They are signing autographs. They are posing with a patient for photograph.
This shows an aerial view of a swimming pool from different angles. It is a computer generated animation of swimming pool and not real swimming pool
The first part of the video shows an animation of sun rising in morning and turning into some logo. After that there are 2 men with guitar talking. Then there is a scene of a stage. A group of dancers are dancing on the stage and 2 people are singing and playing guitar at the back.
This is a video of a concert. Initially there is something written on the screen behind the stage, then suddenly very flashy and bright light effects start. There are a lot of people in the audience.
There are a few persons in a room, some of them are wearing headphones . There are some laptops and music mixing equipment in the room. One man is singing with a microphone and dancing while another man is mixing some music on a computer. It is a closed glass room.
A fat man is sitting on bed and talking. He has a small table in front of him, and there is a plate on the table. There are 2 small fruits on that table. There are also a few dollar bills and a cookie on the table. Someone removes those dollar bills from the table.
A young man is standing and playing a guitar and a young woman is standing in front of him and singing . They are standing indoors inside a room. After sometimes, the man also starts singing.
4 people are standing with a shopping cart in a departmental store. This is followed by scene of a kitchen where an old man is trying ti make shake of some kind. He then goes down to the basement of the house. Another man is standing on side of streets after that he collects a lot of newspapers and magazines in a plastic bag and weighs them.
A man in a suit drives in a car and parks the car in a parking lot . He then takes out two luggage bags from the back of the car and gets up on a bus. He goes to a counter in an airport and swipes his card and checks in his luggage. This man is cabin crew of an airlines. He then goes goes to a meeting room where he and some other person are given a briefing. Then he boards an airplane.
Some school kids are playing basketball in an indoor basketball court. One kid scores a basket.
There are 3 toy cars running on a floor. Two of them reach a white line and stop while the other one stops even before.
This is a trip of a rose garden. There are different coloured roses in the garden. There is also a wooden table at the centre of the garden. There are white roses, red roses , pink roses and roses of some other colours.
Some people are playing basketball outdoors. Many times points are scored. It is a first person camera view. 
Boxes of pirate0themed Legos are shown. Lego characters are constructed on a mass of land built on Legos. Buildings are created on the land. A scene is played out with the Lego figures. Lego pirates fight Lego natives.
A shelf in shown. On the shelf are two ant traps. Many ants crawl toward the ant traps and get stuck in them. The ants crawl into a crack in the wall. A sharpie and some batteries sit next to the ant traps.
A middle aged woman plays a song on a piano. There are two candles sitting on top of the piano. A lamp sits behind the woman. People clap for her after she finishes.
A young man plays acoustic guitar. He sits in a room with pictures of animals. He wears a t shirt. He uses a capo on his guitar.
Girls swim in a tropical area. There is a waterfall in a forest. People watch the girls swim in the pond. The girls wear bikinis.
Many Japanese Yu Gi Oh cards are shown. They have pictures of imaginary creatures on them.
Mountain goats sit on a mountain. A path to see the goats are shown. Little mountain goats walk on steep cliffs. Cars are parked in a parking lot. People take pictures from a platform.
Men stand on a boat. Some men jump into the water. An American Flag flies on the boat. The boat sails into a marina.
A man holds a shovel outdoors. He stands next to a hole and a small tree. He rolls the bucket containing the tree on the ground and removes the tree from the bucket. He plants the tree in the hole. He covers the tree's roots with dirt. He waters the dirt around the tree. He pours stones on the dirt.
A man performs a laser light show. The background is dark. The man's clothes have glowing lines.
A young boy sits on a mechanical bull outside. He wears a cowboy hat. People watch him.
A young man plays electric guitar. He wears sunglasses and stands indoors in front of two posters with people on them. On the ground are amplifiers.
Animated video game characters holding guns dance in various scenes.
A young boy and a young girl dance. They stand in front of a curtain. They start singing.
An action figure is shown. It is in a box. The action figure is of a man with dark hair and big muscles.
A song plays as the lyrics appear on the screen.
Pictures of flowers in a garden are shown. A dog sniffs a plant.
Time lapse of a massive transformers statue. The statue is sometimes illuminated by various colored lights, sometimes emits smoke, and can move its head. It is located in the middle of a plaza.
Little girl doing her homework and singing an improvised song about happy . 
Time lapse of girl building Harry Potter Lego set. She is wearing a Lego crown. There is some stop motion of the pieces mixed in.
Iron man style monster truck getting air off dirt ramps.
Children running around in a water fountain.
Girl sitting on her bed in her room and showing off her body spray.
Kid making up and acting out a story with his toys. Thomas the tank engine toys and a skunk stuffed animal.
Video of a man sailing a small sail boat.
Music plays while picture is displayed. Picture consists of a starry night with text and an anime girl.
Cars race around a circular track. Two cars slow to a stop when another flips over. A four wheeler pulls up to assist the flipped car.
Text moves onto the screen. Two men with microphones speak french about a sports fitness wristwatch with GPS features. Text moves in from the right side of the screen.
People are eating and conversing at a large table. The video spins around and is out of focus, often focusing on the person video taping or a woman in a blue shirt that is talking.
A screen view of a simulation software that has a spinning wheel and small boxes displaying shadows on the wheel.
Electronic music plays while an animation of a hand holding a white pen draws on tablets. The tablets rotate in from the right side with new displays on each. Text displays on a black background.
A display of a computer logging onto a game while music plays. Minecraft screen appears and player jumps up in the airs, then walks around. Animations and text apart from the game appear in the foreground.
A gold gun is shown next to words. A graphics processor sits in a dark room. A person turns a computer. Computers sit in a room. A person turns a graphics card. 
A person's name appears in text and cursive on a white background. Music plays.
A man stands in a mall and talks. A stadium built out of blocks surrounds him. 
A man stands outside and speaks into a microphone. It is cloudy outdoors. People standing nearby hold umbrellas. A man writes on a piece of paper.
Text is on a black background. A crowd sits. Military men hold guns. Men talk.
People run down the street in a race. People in mascot costumes wave. People talk.
A Minecraft creeper is drawn in an image editing program.
A man is on fire. He runs around outside.
Men play football in a stadium. A crowd cheers. A man scores a touchdown.
Striped kittens play in a cardboard box. White bedding sits on the bottom of the box.
A girl talks. Fish appear to swim behind her.
A crowd of young people stand and talk. A young man wears a cow suit.
People walk and dance in a large building with white tile floors. There is an escalator.
Someone walks outdoors. The image has been distorted.
A young woman rides a mechanical bull in a dark room. She falls off.
A toddler plays with a hose outside next to a pond. An adult stands next to her. She wears a blue hat.
A man talks outside. An information box appears behind him. A graph appears on the information box.
A person demonstrates use of a computer system. They show the graphical interface.
A man is outdoors. He wears sunglasses and a beanie cap. He smiles.
A band plays rock music on stage. One man has very long hair. Three men play guitars and one plays the drums. Three men sing.
White text appears on a black background. A young man wearing a sweatshirt lights a cigarette with a laser gun inside.
A person demonstrates a fancy way to fold a red napkin. The napkin sits on a plate with a fork and knife.
A young woman talks. People are on a safari. There are giraffes, zebras, monkeys, antelope, hippos, dung beetles, and elephants. A man sings and dances.
A man carries a gun outside. It is snowy. People run in the snow.
A woman puts a black puppy in a kids pool outdoors. The puppy climbs out of the pool and onto a deck. Someone pets the dog.
A video game in space is played. A spaceship shoots asteroids. A game is played where a ball bounces outside. A game is played where a girl with a tail runs and collects coins. A helicopter shoots blocks. A ball rolls. A car drives. A person rides a motorcycle.
A bull dog on a leash attempts to bite a person. The people try to train the bull dog. They are outside in a parking lot near a building and a parked car. The dog lays down. The dog walks.
A boy sings and dances and talks to people on video chat. 
Cartoon ponies talk. A pony dips her hooves in rainbow water.
A track of a red roller coaster outside is shown. 
An old man wearing glasses and holding a knife stands outside.
People look at the new version of the iPhone on display.
Large grey fish swim in the water. There are moss covered rocks at the bottom of the water.
People sit at a dining table. A man stands with papers and speaks. He wears a name tag. A waitress serves the table.
A baby in a crib coughs, then smiles and crawls forward. She then sits up and laughs. The baby crawls forward and touches the screen.
Black text displays on a white background. No sound is played.
Two girls walk in front of a black stage with an Irish flag and a Guinness poster. They dance to music.
Text displays on a black background. A man stands in a kitchen describing a camera lens mount for an iPhone. Text displays in the bottom left corner.
Images of Godzilla toys display with speech bubbles while music sings along to the text.
Company logos display on a white background. Music starts and a start up screen to a computer game appears. The player changes settings on the game. A soccer player is often shown in the background.
A person jumps into a pool next to a raft in first person. A kid jumps into the water and is viewed from underwater. A kid rides down a slide in first person into the water.
Three Samsung Galaxy phones are sitting on a table. Hands come in and out, pointing at the phones and moving them around while a man talks about the differences. A blue screen appears with text on it.
The video slowly zooms in on the words swimming pools against a black background
A bespectacled man talks to the camera, and describes demonstrates something about some plastic medical tubing.
A psuedo motion slide show of 3 boys, starting with pictures from childhood and continuing to teenage young adult images.
A series of short clips showing hot springs in Oregon.
A group of army recruits playing basketball and periodically talking to the camera.
A large fireworks show, shot by a hand held camera.
A psuedomotion slide show of a man in various mundane camera shots.
Two young boys standing on a couch and singing,
A slide show demonstrating car engine repair task.
A series of video clips of two cats playing.
An advertisement demonstrating an iPad app for tracking sports statistics.
A man riding in the back of a car at night and talking to the camera.
someone is going deep into the cave.inside the cave their is a girl trying to get into the water,probably to swim or have bath 
woman is trying to teach a baby how to swim.she also waves her hand toward the camera

Subway train drives through underground station.
Crowd of people protesting something. A man with a loudspeaker is yelling things and the crowd is repeating them.
Man with cellphone video taping himself in a mirror in the back of his sailboat. He goes out on deck and you can see the water.
their are two people who spoke on mike and a man is giving a speech standing in front of a podiumm
Man in a bright yellow safety jacket talking about how to handle bowed walls. 
Video game music plays while a picture of the start screen of a game is displayed on the screen.
News cast of a ribbon cutting ceremony on a playground. A news reporter stands in front of the playground and explains the situation. There are then shots of kids playing on the new playground.
A Person is riding a motor bike. The person falls from the bike.
A viewer surveying a house. The house has two bedrooms, a hall a kitchen, a bathroom and a garden.
A video explaining risks in sports on a board.
A person is riding motor bike on roads. 
Time lapse video of a car sitting in the garage from various angles with the engine on.
Video about improving reading, music and computer habits in children.
Video about using Blender for animation graphic design.
A guy talking about how to survive in a bad neighbourhood.
Video about two dogs fighting over a broken ball.
Video about a game character enjoying a water slide.
Video about a boy and a girl playing at a swimming pool.
Video about a parrot sitting in an urban tree.
Chinese video about a person writing Japanese calligraphy.
TV interview on the problem of bed bugs in London for the 2012 Olympics. The expert in the video also talks about prevention.
iPhone app demo featuring an old school arcade shooter game.
A video advertising the Bamboo input stylus for PCs.
A music video featuring a band playing at a venue.
A webcast explaining the use of a specific CSS library.
A video of a yacht a sea. Features two men and a woman with red nail polish.
An educational video describing the physics behind the motion of a spinning top.
Marathon starts as the lead vans and motorcycles drive off. They are followed by lots of runners.
Boy plays guitar and sings, in hist room.
Man makes and elaborate stamp, rolls ink onto it, and uses it to decorate a shirt. He then does some writing on the shirt by hand, with a marker.
Kitten playing with string and chair. The kitten is threading the string through the legs of the chair.
Animation of moving through and around box like things.
Animation of moving through and around box like things.
Hands spread. Girl brushes face to apply makeup, then pats her face with her hands.
Ice skaters skate in a long line down the ice.
Video of sailboats sailing. One is very large, and has an amazing number of sails. 
Slideshow of pictures of a house which is up for sale.
Women roller skating and crashing into each other.
Video of a ride from a carnival or amusement park.
German text fades in and out, interspersed with a slide show of assorted images, while German folk music plays.
A news report on a vigil held after the Boston marathon bombing. Crowds gather to participate in various vigil activities, and several people are interviewed.
Two women sit in front of the camera, singing a song. One of them plays the guitar.
Two adults and a child are protesting in a park with a chain link fence and some bicycles in the background . The man is talking to the camera.
A video demonstrating how to measure the volume of an object using liquid displacement. A plastic graduated cylinder, water, and a syringe are used.
The video starts with a pseudo motion slide show of a man wearing red face paint in various crowded outdoor scenes, followed by video of that man dancing while a violinist plays in an open square and a large crowd watches.
A video demonstrating the use of a CAD or simulation program, possibly designed for modelling circuits or fluid flow through pipes.
A blurred, bloom filtered video of a garden full of flowers, accompanied by relaxing music.
A video of a salsa dancing class. A man and several women dance in a small studio, while a number of other people watch.
A video of various signs and maps around Greenwich park in London, showing various roads and paths that were closed for the 2012 Olympics.
A video taken at night of the displays in various store windows in a large city.
A video of a person's footed feet as he or she sits in a chair, periodically shifting them. At one point one of the shoes falls off. There are a number of potted flowers in the background.
A girl on a beach dances to music with a hoola hoop. People sit next to a tree in the background. Another girl in the background fans herself. Further back there are trees and other people. A man holding a beer walks past the hoola hooping girl.
Equations are displayed on a screen. A mouse pointer moves around drawing arrows and other symbols on the screen. A woman talks about the equations she is writing.
A combination of Legos and electronic components and wires sit on a table and some parts move around. The moving components are holding a highlighter which is writing on a piece of paper. A man is holding some of the wires out of the way. The paper is removed and held up at the end.
Text appears in the bottom left. Music plays and a man walks into a kitchen and puts a condiment onto a piece of meat that is in a pan. He flips the meat with a fork and walks out of the kitchen.
Graphics of text display with stars flashing over them. A man plays harmonica into a microphone outside of a store next to some bongos. To his right another man wearing a hat is playing an electronic drum pad in front of the window of the store. People walk into the store and a cars can be seen driving by in the reflection of the window.
A bald man sits in front of bookshelves and talks to the camera.
Hundreds of people are running in a marathon through a city. The camera zooms in on a large building. Many of the people running have large yellow balloons.
From a first person view a catamaran travels across a lake. A woman with a hat and a yellow life jacket is sitting in the back. A man with an orange life jacket stands next to the mast.
Text and pictures of fruit, money, and computer screens display while music plays.
Two men stand on a stage with microphones in front of them. The one man has a guitar, the other an accordion. A drummer is playing in the back. Guitars, strobing lights, and people can also be seen in the background.
A girl is sitting in a rollercoaster. The ride can be seen moving in the background.
White text displays on the screen. A black outline of cupid centers the screen and music plays.
A picture of a unicorn playing a viola on some grass with mountains in the background displays while music plays.
An animation of a hand holding a picture. The picture folds back and a bird comes out from the hand and flies away.
Boys wearing tie dye and blue t shirts are playing basketball. One kid shoots the ball and makes it in the basket.
A man in a suit sits in the middle of four large drums and plays them with drumsticks. In the background there are three trees and a music stand.
Text displays in the bottom left. A kid plays with Lego figurines. Another kid opens a door and walks the door. They make weird choking noises and act awkward.
Text displays on a white background. A man sits in a chair and talks. Historical pictures are displayed and panned, coming back to the video of the man in the chair from time to time.
A kid wearing headphones plays guitar and sings on a microphone at separate times and it switches between the videos. A girl sings as well. The boy eats a banana.
A catamaran travels across a lake from first person. A man is sitting in the back and another is standing in front of him. Another catamaran is up ahead.
Music plays and a kid rides a scooter on a half pipe. He does tricks on multiple ramps and half pipes.
A panning screen of a town. It appears to be from a car. There is an order screen for coffee, then some trees and sky. The camera pulls up to the Starbucks window and a guy hula dances for the camera.
A man stands in front a a mixer in a kitchen. The screen moves to the mixer being powered on and rotating. His hand holds on to the spinning parts. The screen changes to taken apart gears and components to the mixer and the mans hand can be seen picking up the parts and holding them to the camera.
Plants grow in a classroom. The screen fades to black and then lights up again.
A man sitting on a couch and wearing headphones plays guitar. It changes to him in front of a winter scene with snow. The same thing happens with another guy playing guitar and then it switches back and forth between these scenes as well as the one guy singing into a microphone.
A baby smiles. A man speaks into a microphone in a recording studio. People stand in the room, clapping and speaking.
Men stand wearing cowboy hats. They let a bull out of a pen. A man sits on the bucking bull and falls off.
Outdoor landscapes and mountains in the countryside are shown. There are mountains, houses, and trees. A person walks along a cliff.
A young man in glasses stands outside near trees and talks. Large houses are in the background.
An apartment is shown. There are couches, a dining room table, and chairs. The kitchen is shown. The bathroom is shown. A bedroom with a bed is shown. A beach outdoors near an ocean is shown.
Two young men wrestle in a wrestling ring. They fight and slap each other.
People sit in a room for a meeting. A panel of people sits at the front with microphones on a table.
A group of young Asian people play rock music outdoors. People play on guitars, a man plays the drums, and a girl sings into a microphone. Amplifiers sit around them.
People talk outdoors. A white bike sits outside. A person ties a balloon to a bike.
Music plays. A picture of a roller coaster is shown.
An outdoor construction site is shown. Nearby is a highway and buildings.
A woman rubs her hands on her bare skin.
Pictures of flowers, trees, a peacock, a dragonfly, the earth, stained glass, a church, a statue, people, a fire, a map, buildings, a city skyline, a chair, a painting, a mountain, and video games are shown.
Men and women square dance. The women wear dresses with fluffy skirts.
A man in glasses with a badge speaks. He shows computers on a table. A man types on a laptop. People stand nearby.
Goats stand in a field outside. Trees and a red barn stand behind the fence. A baby goat drinks milk from its mother.
A cat scratches at a wall near a computer. A webcam is on the computer. Ribbons hang above the computer.
A man in sunglasses plays acoustic guitar and sings on a beach.
Text on a screen appears as an advertisement for a company.
Cars drive outdoors on a street at night.
A computer screen has a map with tagged locations on it. 
People run down the street during a race. People stand and watch on the side of the road.
A man shoots a gun in the air. People run on the street during a marathon. Spectators stand behind a fence. People talk. The city is in the background.
A man talks with a bible near him. A man talks into a microphone.
A man in a cowboy hat rides a bull. He falls off. People watch from behind a fence. The bull chases people. A man rides on a horse.
White text moves right across the screen while music plays.
A baby in a cradle jumps up and down. His mother sits down in a chair next to him and shakes her head and hair around. The baby sits down and the mother picks up a toy and movies it along the cradle.
Text displays over an animation of water. A boat appears and fish swim by. Text continues to move and animations of fish, plates and silverware, paper and other things appear. A woman is talking during the whole video.
A fist swims in a tank while bubbles and dust float around it.
this an advertisement of a company who builds different kinds of lights.their are several people working together discussing about some thing which is unclear
this is an graphical computer application.where a big wheel is rotated about the axis .and viewed in several directions
its a demo about a software application called mdesktop.it shifts from one desktop to another.a pointer is clicked to shift the window from a desktop to another
its an advertisement.not clear about what.the leaves wave,then an woman seems pregnant rub her hand on her stomach.then comes a set of photos.a woman having an inhaler in her mouth.and a set of photos of hands and feets
there is a man giving speach on each frame.along with some activities like bomb blasts and crowd burning 
two men dancing one after other.mostly hip hop fused with locking and poping a type of dance style
a woman interviewing another woman about some unknown topic.their is a part or an event happening in the back ground.peple drinking ,standing and talking
a man standing and talking in front of a camera about a event .in support of that their are several pictures about a marathon being shown with people running .
their is a crowd standing before the stage. few peple are sitting and enjoying the show.
their is a couple sitting in front of a table and having cadle light dinner and then a band with a lead lady singer sings
few people sitting in a roller coaster.and enjoying the ride.its rollercoaster with lots or turns and twists
Kittens are laying on a blanket. Two kittens near the bottom are licking each other next to the body of another one sleeping. Above there is another kitten that gets closer and takes a swat at one of the licking kittens.
Text displays while animated grass grows below it. Transition to a man standing outside in front of a building next to bushes and trees. He takes a hose and waters the plants while talking about them.
A truck sits in a driveway in a suburban neighborhood. A number of other trucks are on the street and near the houses to the left. The camera man talks about the truck while walking around it.
A small electronic sits on a desk. A hand picks it up and turns it on. Numbers display. He then rotates it around. He holds it in front of the desk and presses different settings. There appears to be part of a laptop in the background.
A man talks to the camera while a woman sits next to him. Short clips display of large groups of people.
A man wearing a hat with a harmonica sings into a microphone and plays guitar. He is in a street next to light posts with buildings and pedestrians around him. He has a guitar case and small amp at his feet.
Video of two side by side rolls of hologram stickers which say the word bitcoin repeatedly. They are golden in color, and the video shows them slowly rotating. They are supposed to help prevent tampering.
Fish swimming in a fish tank. It pokes its head out from underneath a log, then retreats back into the log. Another red fish is moving lazily near the surface.
A person holding an iPhone with an attached external battery pack. He turns on his screen to show how much battery he has left. 
Monster truck driving around a field to put on a show. There are dirt ramps which it is going over and flying into the air. The stadium is packed with people, you can see their camera flashes going off in the background. The dirt ramps are colored various colors, the biggest one is green, a few others are blue and red. Bulldozers enter the field near the end to rebuild the ramps.
Kid driving a remote control car down a hallway. The hallway is dark and the camerawork is shaky, it is difficult to see what is happening.
There are dancers on an outdoor stage. The cameraman looks at the audience, where most people are standing watching. A few are dancing as well. The song ends and people clap.
Group of parents giving their children swimming lessons. Each adult is paired with a child, who they are holding so as to keep them from drowning. They are walking in a circle in the bool and singing Wheels on the bus . 
Remote controlled car driving around a dirt path, and over a dirt ramp. At one point, the car almost hits the cameraman.
A little girl is falling asleep while eating a fast food meal.
This video is just a static shot of the creative commons logo, while music Madonna, I think plays.
Runners race around a track in an empty stadium.
Two elderly people are interviewed on the street in London about some sort of security measures.
A slide show of a pyramid shaped building, which a voice over describes as belonging to the Irish Meteorological Service.
A campaign video showing a question and answer session with the candidate.
A portion of a marathon, with runners periodically running past between barricades. Crowds of people stand behind the barricades and cheer whenever runners pass.
A rendered video of a single basketball player performing slam dunks. Only portions of the player's skin are rendered, so the glowing interior of the player is visible.
A video showing off a new bong design. The bong is shown from various angles, both in video and still images.
A rendered video from the Australian armed forces of a first person video game simulator, showcasing two long range firefights, with voice overs from the participating players.
Gameplay from a video role playing game, showing a rendered fantasy battle featuring fancy acrobatics and many flashes of light.
Video of a woman singing into a microphone, while 3 men behind her play guitar, base and drums respectively. There is a fake outdoor scene of an old European city behind them.
A guy is playing the guitar in his room.
Men ride bikes down the street. On the sides of the street are houses.
People work on a bike. A man with a beard talks. A young black man talks.
A young woman wearing a jacket and tie sings into a microphone and plays the guitar in front of a piano.
A man wearing a fluorescent jacket stands and speaks in front of a brick building and building materials.
A striped cat plays with a cat water dish in front of a washing machine. He puts his paws in the bowl. He walks away and sits on the tile floor.
People run and bike on a road. The road is surrounded by trees. Some cars are on the road, driving or waiting. People run by buildings.
Leafy plants in wooden containers on a brick wall outdoors are shown.
A rifle sits on a tile wall. Dogs walk on a tile floor. A person cocks the rifle.
A young woman in a pink shirt with long hair plays a song on a keyboard. She sings. She is in a dark room indoors. There is a plant on top of the keyboard.
A young man wearing rollerblades jumps off a ramp and falls. A person skates by on a skateboard.
Boys and girls wave a blanket in the air while a boy sits under the blanket. A boy makes a cub scout promise sign and becomes a member of cub scouts.
Music plays. A person in a fireman outfit is walking into a burning fire. On the picture is text.
Three fish swim in a shallow man made pool.
This video is a tutorial that shows how to change the windshield wiper blade of your car. The video is an advertisement by German wiper company SWF
two cats seem fighting in the bathroom.the black cat try to avoid the fight but the brown cat seems to attack the other cat.at last the black cat seems to win the fight and the brown cat jumps into the bath tub
there are group of students listening to the lecture given by the teachers.they are creating things using paper.
their are some instructions given to do some thing along with a demo of how its been done in a web browser
this has lots of textual information about a event.it also shows a picture of a forest which seems to be polluted
there are two men travelling in a car. he picks the phone and continues driving. both at last meet with an accident
there are two men travelling in a car. he picks the phone and continues driving. both at last meet with an accident
a computer game is being demonstrated to let them play.a pointer keeps clicking the links to move to one screen to other
a small girl starts singing and then dances along with the tune. she holds a microphone in her hand.
a boy speaks and keep on speaking wearing his spectacles and then without wearing them.their are some pictures of a car beside him
a boy speaks and keep on speaking wearing his spectacles and then without wearing them.their are some pictures of a car beside him
It is a video of a first person shooter game called deadly serious. In the video, the player explores the game setting which involves many indoor and outdoor scenes. 
In this video a person makes comments on a newspaper article about an educator pleading guilty in testing fraud on qualifying exams.
We see a blue truck passing by then drawing a circle in an outdoor garage setting. It is probably for the auction posting.
their are lots of people sitting in the stands and few walking in line and form a formation. one who is in the formation starts waving his hand
There is a background picture of a autumn forest scenery. Falling leaves, thunder and rain effects are used on this image. It is a video recommending and advertising a book for RH negative blood type people. We see a lot of text and images of the book cover.
a woman singing a song with a microphone starts clapping with her hands. few people playing drums ,guitar and a piano 
This is a video showing a Google search for Akira Yoshizawa and the number of the results found in relation to the search term.
White text displays on a black background. A girl stands in a window. She walks over to her bed, and then through the hallway, continuing through the house. She stems outside and a city landscape can be see. Clothespins hang from wires. She turns around and enters the kitchen and pours a hot beverage into a glass. She lights a cigarette and takes a sip of the drink.
The video shows a 3d multiplayer game in which players build a structure using elements. They chat with each other and provide the necessary elements to each other when they run out of it.
Text displays. A woman talks and a picture of many people pans the screen. Women are doing something to peoples faces as they lay in beds parallel to each other. A woman is interviewed and talks to the camera while text displays below her. A lot of people wearing white clothing are in different rooms doing different things including sitting at desks in a classroom, sitting in front of a computer or conversing while standing. Text displays about the beauty academy.
In the video we see a barefoot woman swinging her feet and dangling her blue, suede,pinpoint shoes. 
A man in a Hawaiian shirt sits in the middle of a room and plays the piano. In the background there are pictures hanging on the walls as well as a colorful mosaic window next to the door. Drapes hang in front of a window.
An iPhone displays its home screen. It changes to iDrone software screen, then a login screen. It continues to show features of the software while music plays and a man talks. A logo and text display at the end.
A girl is playing the guitar and singing to the microphone .She is holding rhythm with a yellow ball and later with a tambourine.
It is a video showing scenes from a strategy war game. It takes place in a winter setting with some buildings.
The video is about the financial crisis in Greece. The speaker talks about who might be responsible for the crisis and how capitalism led to this situation. The video shows pictures representing people living irresponsibly rich lifestyles and on the other hand photographs from the riots and of the citizens effected by the crisis. 
People are protesting the Corporations and Franchises. A speaker is making a public announcement in front of the crowd holding banners.
People in a high building looking out a window, watching paper streamers blow around. They appear to be toilet paper. The paper floats in the air in a way which seems impossible.
This is a commercial video for a virtual exhibition service. It suggests artists to create an online virtual exhibition and shows samples from these exhibitions.
A band is making live music on the stage. The singer is also playing a cello. One of the members of the trio is playing the guitar and the other one is playing drums. 
Video of tall buildings and people walking around. The people are looking for dead birds which accidentally crashed into glass buildings. A volunteer shows us a freezer full of bagged dead birds. They advocated retrofitting large glass buildings with stickers which are visible to birds.
The video shows how to make a knot. The person in the video is using a string to show how to make a knot on a chair. He repeats the process a few times.
Person unboxing a camera lens for a cannon camera. Inside the cardboard box there is paperwork and a cloth bag for holding the lens. he shows us the lense, its features, and then lens hood.
A person recording the snake moving on the ground and getting lost in the bushes after he releases it from the bucket where it was kept. There are also two black dogs wandering.
A little girl is reading a book out loud with the guidance of her father. She must have recently learnt how to read.
Water damage in what appears to be an old classroom. The ceiling is clearly wet and falling apart, there is a puddle on the floor.
It is a music video. A song from the soundtrack of The Embodiment of Scarlet Devil is playing. There is a cover image in the background with an anime character silhouette and text on it.
This is a music video. A song from the soundtrack of Chrono Cross is playing. There is a background image of rocks and smoke in blue tones.
Somebody's desktop. They select the minecraft icon. A web browser comes up with way too many tool bars. They start minecraft and start chopping blocks with something purple. They walk around the game a bit and chop more blocks.
A guy is playing basketball on the court. It is an outdoor court surrounded by trees, He is shooting a basketball and trying to make a score.
A guy is sitting at the back of a red pick up truck. The pickup is also carrying a red motorcycle that probably belongs to the guy. 
People are dancing in a club. Lights shine and move around over the people dancing. People put there hands up in the air. Clips of the DJ continue to show. There are a lot of video light displays showing behind the main stage.
Bikes lean again a fence in front of large white buildings. A woman holds a picture and protests a facility. A little girl has a hold object in her hands. A man with headphones and a microphone neels on the ground. Two guards stand next to a man on a bicycle while a woman walks by with a dog.
A man plays a classical guitar while sitting in a chair. There is a case down and left of him. The video is zoomed in on the guitar. His head and legs cannot be seen.
A video game load screen displays. A first person view of a sniper rifle shooting enemies. There are large cylinders and warehouses in the background. Music plays.
5 men stand in front of a soccer stadium and talk to the camera. Text displays in front of a green grass looking background while music plays.
A display of a computer screen with a document open. He highlights some text, then shows websites where he converts the .pdf document to a different type. The one site has an image of two chameleons.
Green text displays on a black background. A video of a park. In the foreground is a fence with a sign on it. Behind this is a grass area below a tree and some benches. This is all in front of a wall and what appear to be buildings in the background. It is snowing. Music plays.
A kid riding a bicycle does tricks in a park. Behind him trees and people sitting can be seen. Much of the park is concrete but there are some brick steps.
Animation of a liquid filling up a tank, then pouring out a nozzle into a channel beside the tank. The liquid is blue and appears almost chunky.
A car with a face rides down a roller coaster track in a cartoon theme park. Cartoon cars with faces race down the roller coaster track as other cartoon cars watch.
A person on a couch with a cat throws a cat toy. The cat jumps off the couch and chases after the cat toy.
A dog plays tug of war with a person in a living room. The dog slides along the wooden floor.
A float drives down a street in Thailand.
A young man with glasses plays the guitar in his bedroom in front of his bed. His phone sits on the corner of a desk. The young man sings and chews gum.
A person in a video game carries a rifle. He goes into a building with a bike hanging from the ceiling and shoots someone.
Cars drive down a city street in Europe. People walk on the sidewalk.
Two people play an arcade basketball game. A robot throws balls in an arcade basketball game.
A kitten plays with a sparkly cat toy on a bed.
A person laces a white athletic shoe. He ties the shoe at the side rather than at the top.
A woman rolls a table into the middle of a room. She opens it up into a bed. She lays down on it.
A person sits on a boat on a lake by the shore. A bridge is over a lake. A person swings from a rope and jumps into the water. People dive into the water off of a bridge.
Cars drive down the highway in the rain. A car drives under a bridge and past road signs.
A fire burns in a barrel. People eat in the dark near the fire outdoors in Adirondack chairs. People sit around the fire and talk.
A man in a green shirt plays piano. Behind him there is a TV. 
White text appears in front of a brick wall, telling a story. A song plays.
A man sits in front of a hallway with a window at the end. He talks to the camera. He is wearing glasses and a suit.
A animated hand holds a tablet while the other hand scrolls through different screens on the tablet.
Cars are stuck in a traffic jam. A huge mass of people stands in a line. Text displays along the bottom during this. Two men are standing in a building supported by white pillars and talking.
A picture of a knight in armor with text moving in front of it. A man stands outside on a street with a railing. Behind him is a beach and behind that are trees and houses. He zooms in on the beach. Many people are walking around and sitting in the grass behind the beach. The scene changes to fountains shooting up water, then a sped up video of the people walking on the beach at night with a cloudy sky above.
Fluffy white kitten playing with another cat's tail. The cat is lying there lazily, swishing its tail out of the way, while the kitten scampers after it.
A pair of earrings are rotating around on a blank screen. Text displays in all corners around them.
4 people stand on a stage and dance and sing into microphones. There stage has balloons hanging from it and speakers on either side. The performers stage are in front of a building with writing and pictures. A tree and another building are in the background out left.
Pictures of flowers in a garden transition while music plays. There are a lot of poinsettias as well as brick pathways and green hanging plants.
A graphic of people in a crowd. An image of a man holding a microphone and piece of paper moves in from the right. Text comes down from the top. A girl is standing in front of a microphone. She starts speaking and holds up her hand, moving it around as she talks. She is wearing a necklace. The video pans out and someone can be seen sitting to the right of her. The girl stops talking and applause can be heard.
A man sits in front of the camera and talks. Behind him is a brick building and to his right some trees in boxes on wheels. People walk by in the background. A graphic with text is in the top right corner.
Arnold Schwarzenegger stands in front of some flags, in a suit, and talks to the camera. There is a tree to his right. He holds up some papers and also holds his hands up at different points.
A man sits in an empty room with a guitar and starts playing a song. He starts singing. There is a capo on the guitar and a strap hanging from the neck of it.
Some guys sit in front of a house and smoke either something that looks like a cigar. They stand in front of the building and rap to the music playing. They hold up money at some points in the video. At the end there is a clip of a hand holding a burning lighter.
Text moves onto the screen. A man sitting on a train talks to the camera. to his left there are people sitting on the train. To his right is a blurring view of the window and trees moving by.
A large screen displays a simulation window of an object. A man sits to the right of the screen and talks about using the software. There is a block with holes in it on the screen.
A young girl sits on a on a see saw and looks around and she moves up and down. Behind here are some dead bushes. Behind that are some bigger bushes and behind that, a brick building. A boy wearing a helmet runs by.
A display of a video game. It appears to be an mmorpg. The player is riding a horse and enters through some large doors. His horse disappears and someone on a motorcycle circles him. Lots of stats icons and text are displayed on the screen. The player walks around and battles some nearby players.
Company logos display on the screen. A video of Iron Man flying through the city. He lands down next to a woman and she talks to him. A man in a green cape stands in a cave and pictures display in front of him. A white cube continues to be displayed as the green caped man talks.
A girl puts a surfboard in a car. She then walks towards a beach while holding a surfboard. The video cuts to a clip of her surfing on some big waves. Another person can be seen surfing. A girl is hula hooping. During the clips of people surfing peoples heads can be seen in the foreground. A song plays during this video.
Someone walks with a video camera in a town square shooting people strolling around. The paved street has fountains, eating places and trees in the center and is flanked by buildings, various kinds of businesses and street lights on it sides. The street gets crowded from time to time with people wearing various kinds of colorful dresses.
This video is about an interview on science and mathematics. The speaker is trying to explain in front of a large sitting audience how we have been able to validate the theories behind the universe and Higgs boson in order to achieve a deeper understanding of the universe both at a colossal as well as an infinitesimal scale.
A crane lifts a spire to the top of a building in a city. News briefs roll across the bottom of the screen.
This looks like a music video involving girls and a few men. The girls appear in different dresses and hair styles and make different poses. The entire video is shot in black and white.
A crowd screams for a man who sings into a microphone on a stage. Lights flash. People hold their cameras in the air.
White text appears on a black background appears. A person hooks lego pieces together on top of a CD case. He makes a robot out of legos.
Three lynx kittens play in the grass outdoors. They pounce and play fight with each other. They roll around on the ground.
This video is about identifying some problem with a GE commercial washing machine. The mechanic points out that there some coin or jewellery stuck inside the pump of the washing machine.
Outside, there is a man doing tricks on a bike. There is a bridge in the background. People watch. There is a food stand in the background. Others bike and walk by. 
Woman on stage playing a cello and singing. She is dressed as a goth, with black clothes and black hair with a white patch. She has a tattoo of piano keys on her arm.
Crowd of people milling around in the street. They are carrying cups containing lit candles, and signs protesting something. There are men in yellow safety vests as well.
A woman packs lunch in tupperware containers. She makes a protein shake in a blender. She has broccoli, apples, and nuts. She puts everything in a lunchbox.
Young men play guitar and drums in a room. They sing into microphones. A keyboard sits on the floor.
A middle aged man with dark hair and glasses in a suit talks about a company. He gestures with his hands.
A man stands outside near a lake in the wind wearing a windbreaker. He talks, standing on a dock. There is a building nearby.
A man in a suit and tie walks in a city with a lot of buildings. Bikes go by him as he walks down a sidewalk.
Men in basketball uniforms play basketball. A woman talks about basketball. A twitter feed is shown a sheep appears. A dog jumps on a rainbow.
White sailboats sail on a lake near the shore. Many people stand on the dock and watch the boats on the water. Mountains can be seen in the background.
A stingray wits in the sand at the bottom of the water. He begins to swim away near the ocean floor. The stingray swims past people scuba diving.
People play rock music in an outdoor arena as people watch. A man with a ponytail plays drums really fast.
A man stands outside on a sidewalk and talks. There is a bed of flowers outside and many buildings. Cars drive on a nearby street.
People gather outside in a protest and sing. Most of them are women, and wear jackets and backpacks.
Young Korean men stand onstage in front of a screen, speaking into a microphone and bowing. A man reads something off of a card.
A petty officer gives reports. Pictures representing the stories, including a police car, beer, and a navy hat appear onscreen.
Women in traditional Indian clothing stand outside. A young boy and a woman both hold birds in their hands.
A model train set sits in a window in front of a store. A sign sits on the set. A light flashes on one of the trains. A dog on a leash walking with a man barks in a parking lot outside.
A very green countryside with buildings is shown. People climb a green hill up to the top where a castle or fortress sits. People walk down a muddy dirt path.
A woman with short hair in a bathing suit snorkels in shallow water near a beach. Boats float far behind her. She laughs. She swims.
An old woman wearing a yellow hat and shirt and a young girl dig in the dirt in the garden. It is an advertisement.
Baby with pacifier watching video on a laptop. The video is of an orchestra. There is a man playing a flute, then a conductor, then more flute players. The baby waves his arms to cheer them on.
Two kittens playing with a feather toy. The toy is being dangled in front of them, and they are pawing and biting at it. A third kitten is not interested in playing.
Runners racing by while a crowd of people cheer, yell, and clap. Each runner has a number pinned to their shirt.
A dog with a red collar tears apart a stuffed animal with her teeth outside. The stuffing comes out of the white bear. A person picks the bear up.
Scientist in a white lab coat holding glass vials filled with insects. He talks about how they are experimenting on them to help prevent aging. He is also shown looking into a microscope. 
Girl posing for a photo shoot. A photographer takes pictures. She is wearing a white dress in one scene, and a bikini in another.
Red and white striped cloth tied to a park bench and blowing in the wind. The park bench is metal and wood.
Person unlocks an iPad by swiping with their finger. The background is a picture of a girl swimming under water and smiling. The iPad displays text about swim lessons, then pictures and video of swim instructors and students.
Video of cars driving down a highway, then a traffic jam on a highway. People get our of their cars and walk around. Some take their dog for a walk, others brew tea from their trunk.
Girl bench presses for one rep. There are a number of onlookers, three of which are spotting her. Many of the people are wearing grey shirts which say Army.
A man stands in a in front of a purple wall and talks to the camera. Some people can be seen standing behind him.
Music plays. An image displays of a man holding swords. Behind him are other images of people and a cat. Below him in the foreground is text.
A man stands on a stage with a microphone and introduces a band. There is a drum set behind him and speakers in front of him. A 5 person band walks up on the stage. The middle person talks to the crowd through a microphone. A translator walks up next to him and repeats what he said in English.
Text displays in front of a video of a river. There are trees surrounding the river. The video switches to a microscopic organism moving around. There are other smaller organisms swimming around it. The video transitions to some text rolling across the screen on a blue background.
A man with glasses and a moustache plays an accordion. His right hand can consistently be seen moving on the keys. His right hand moves in and out of the view as he plays.
Short clips of the outdoors are shown. One is of a man fishing, another of a river flowing. A woman stands outside and talks about droughts. Clips display of grass and cows and then return to the woman talking. Behind the woman is a field with trees. The sky can also be seen. A clip shows a tractor driving across the field.
A stage with a set that consists of large walls with clouds and stars on them. Puppets of a man and a penguin appear and talk. Women wearing gold outfits walk around and talk. The women also move the puppets around the screen. One woman comes out wearing a green dress and a hat and glasses. All the women start singing.
A man rungs through a path to a finish line. Lots of people stand with umbrellas behind him. There are fences with advertisements on them guiding the man to the finish. Two other people follow after him along the track. An announcer talks about what is happening.
A simulation of a roller coaster from a first person view. The roller coaster moves up the track to a big drop and then starts moving really fast down the drop. Trees can be seen off in the distance. The roller coaster returns to a brick building which is where people would enter and exit the roller coaster.
Text displays. The video transitions to a woman holding a microphone and talking. The woman is standing in front of a stand and a pink wall can be seen behind her. People sit in chairs and on a couch behind her. She turns the page of the papers on the stand in front of her. People laugh at things she is saying. She bows and the audience applauds her.
Video of a man tying his shoe lace. The shoes are blue and white in colour. The man is indoors. He is sitting on a chair.
Video of a woman talking into a microphone held up by another woman. She is sitting down. She is answering questions.
Home video of a woman playing a composition on the piano. She is indoors in a dim setting with candles. There is an audience.
Video of an audition with multiple persons on stage. Each of them hold up notes. They are singing. The group is mostly women.
Video of a baby playing. He is playing on a toy car, pressing stuff at random and enjoying the causality.
Home video of a boy talking into the camera and walking around the house, doing stuff in multiple rooms, including going crazy at the camera.
Advertisement video for office space at a prime location in London. Video presents a profile of the spaces.
Advertisement for an Internet service company out of the UK featuring Bruce Willis. Bruce Willis turns out to be quite appealing.
A video showing off the best Cuban sandwich from different cities. The video then features the preparation of a one at home.
Advertisement for a rope harness that seems to be easy to use. The video presents multiple plus points from the aspect of outdoor camping activities.
Stop motion of a Lego character skateboarding. The Lego man goes past a pair of glasses, then up a book.
A young boy is sitting on a bench in a park. He climbs down from the bench and runs across the sidewalk. People are sitting on the bench behind him. The boy runs in front of some trees and a building.
People are standing on a dock next to a bunch of boats. There are people all standing in the boats. The boats are lined up next to the dock facing away from it. Each boat has one person in it and one person holding the engine from the dock. They start the engines and start driving around the lake. The camera switches to a first person view of one of the boats. The front or back of the boat can be seen with other boats, trees, water and the sky in the background.
A man stands in a living in his underwear holding a cloth that looks like a towel. He holds the one side of the cloth to his stomach while spinning around, then tucks the other side into his back. He turns around to show the cloth as a dress clothing. There are plants on either side of the room. The man is standing on a rug and in front of a couch with a lot of pillows on it. On the wall there is a picture as well as a window.
A sped up video displays of a person filling pails with a liquid and moving them around. There is a vehicle to the left of the person and a blue bucket that the person uses to fill the buckets. The person and pails are all in front of a large barn with green and white siding. Occasionally a person on a red tractor drives by.
A woman starts talking while showing a video of products on a table. The products consist of gelatin and some bottles with liquor and other liquids. She pours the gelatin powder, cranberry juice and lime juice into a pot and stirs it while it is on a stove. She then adds Grand Marnier and vodka to the pot. She pours the mixture into a glass dish, then cuts the pieces out and places them on a plate. She also puts lemon zest on the resulting Jello shots.
Music plays and people dance on a beach. There are a lot of people on the beach smiling and dancing and drinking. Some people are holding umbrellas. Text displays in the bottom left of the screen. Some people are serving food. It gets dark people hold torches while dancing.
A flower is shaking in the wind. It has water drops on it and it can be seen that it is in front of some other green plants or grass.
A graphic shows a car driving around a circular track. Text displays below it. Part of the track is erased and then extended 3 dimensionally out. The car follows this track into a city. The video continues to show a car driving in a video game on various tracks while music plays. At the end the video zooms out to an iPhone playing the game.
Music plays and a picture displays with colorful squares and a graphic of a man with a beard. There is also text on the image that appears to be an album cover.
Two kids are pretend wrestling in a play room. There are mirrors to the right of the kids. A punching bag can be seen behind them as well as tables with play sets on them. One of the kids ends up on the ground. The other one picks up his legs and drags him across the floor. Music plays.
A bald man stands outside in a snowy winter setting. There are a lot of trees behind him. He talks about video games and genres. Only the man's head can be seen. The scene continues to change to different spots in the forest but each time it is generally a white background from the snow and trees can be seen as well.
Two kittens playing in a dark room on a wood floor. They are chasing each other around and hiding behind various objects.
Boy in a blue tee shirt which says GOT in white letters sitting in an office talking about his community and neighborhood. There are flowers in the background.
Band on stage playing a song. The lead singer is a woman with long red hair, and is playing a guitar. There is another guitar player, a bass player, and a drummer. The stage is illuminated with green light.
Person holding some sort of metal, cylindrical device which is smoking rapidly. It is silver in color, and the person rotates it at various angles.
There is a man holding the microphone and talking to a group of children. then another man starts talking .few children come on to the stage and are awarded with medals.
this seems like a marathon.there are people standing and supporting on the both sides of the fence.there are participants running in between the path 

someone starts drawing. they start with sketching the boundary then coloring the interior of the figure.
Here is the picture of a building .whose roof is being shown constantly .there is a light source on the top of the roof.
their is a group of girls riding a horse jumping the obstacles one after the other then they all start dancing while seeing into the television.
there are two cats.one cat comes out of the stack of pillows and the other one is trying to come out of the pillow.
A guy is playing a string instrument. It looks like a square ukulele. He is sitting on a couch in his living room. 
This video shows how to plant a tree. A guy shows how deep we should dig the soil to plant the tree and explains why we should do so. 
This is a poster with a Michael Jackson silhouette on it. It says the song of the week for the 17th week of 2013 is Sharing Time.
The video shows a group of young people gathered for a racing game they have invented. The game has different laps. The players build boxes, hopscotch, wear socks on their hands.
This video is about the community of the Chelsea road. We see a coffee shop owner at work, a grocery shop, a sports equipment shop, a clock repairer, a cook putting pizza in the oven and a hairdresser cutting her customer's hair.
This is an animated video accompanied with a song. The lyrics of the song appear on the video. The song is titled Talking to the Sky.
In this video we see a frisbee golf station which includes the basket, chains and post. A guy is trying to hit the post with a frisbee and his friend is recording.
Some text is displayed. Short clips are shown of pigs with the purpose of showing injuries or health issues with them. Some of the clips shown human hands holding a piglet. Others show a number of piglets running around or grouped together. There is often one that is lying down or limping due to injuries. Some clips show an adult pig walking or laying down.
There is a man with glasses holds a camera. He tapes his face, then turns the video towards a newspaper. He talks about topics in the paper that he thinks are ridiculous. He appears to be in a warehouse and a person can be seen sitting at a table behind him.
A stylus in it's packaging is sitting on a table. A person take the stylus out of the packaging and holds it up to the camera while talking about it. He then displays a tablet and writes on the tablet with the stylus to demonstrate it's functionality. He brings a phone into display from the left and writes on that as well.
A man sits in an office and talks to the camera. Behind him are some bottles, a telephone and some pictures. Further back there is a plant to the right and a window to the left. Outside of the window a tree can be seen. The man talks to the camera about informational interviewing.
Men in camouflage suits stand in a gym. A man in black stands in front, next to a man wearing a helmet. The man in black uses the other man in a demonstration and pretends to hit him with a gun. In the background one of the men is holding a gun and copying what the man in black is doing.
People in a crowd hold their hands and phones up. They are at a concert and a rapper with a microphone stands in front of them. Music starts playing and the man raps to the crowd. Behind him are speakers and moving lights. There is also a DJ who is singing into a microphone as well. The music stops and the crowd cheers.
An odd keypad device sits on a table. The keys are hexagon shapes that fit together. Hands can be seen touching the keys. When the person presses the keys music plays. The table around the keypad and hands disappears and psychedelic visuals move around them.
A man stands in front of a wall with a lot of suit jackets hanging from it. He demonstrates how to tie a wedding cravat. He is holding a purple wedding cravat that he wraps around his neck and ties a knot in.
Short clips show of men flexing in front of a crowd. It transitions to men running in a relay race. The American in red and Jamaican in yellow are in the lead and the Jamaican finishes first. Two Jamaicans celebrate their win.
Text scrolls along the bottom of the screen while clips shown a submarine. Two news reporters display on the screen and the video zooms in on the man on the right while he talks. This scene switches to two men in the submarine. The scene returns to the reporter standing in front of some trees near the ocean.
Their is a women holding a file and talking to a man working on a computer.their are several houses around the lake.
there are several people both men and women.few holding a glass and other holding a microphone and singing while seeing on to the projected video.
there are several people in the video .sitting.seeing their dress it seems to be like a graduation ceremony. few people speaking on the stage.few are with their parents posing for a photograph.
there is a group of boys and girls dancing one after other.and many people standing around the group to see them perform.there are many vehicles moving in the scene.
there is a 3 dimensional figure consist of several cylindrical tanks and pipe interconnecting them. the figure is shown in several different directions and perspectives.
this is like a railway station.there are several people walking and a train comes through the tracks.
a person is speaking in front of a big gathering.their are several people sitting in the class and few standing along the wall.
a person speaks before the camera, their are several picture frames with lots of people like solders.
A CD cover is shown on a black background. The CD cover has a light blue pixelated background. Black text gives the name and logo of a studio. Music plays in the background.
Moving pictures of men singing into microphones appear. Pictures of people in a club are shown. A crowd of people in a club surround a man speaking into a microphone. The crowd raises their hands in the air and claps. Lights flash and the man begins singing. The man dances.
A colorful two dimensional game is played where two icons drive across a screen and pick up items. A timer counts down in the middle. Words will occasionally scroll across the screen. 
White letters describe the video at the bottom of the screen. People stand in a park, while two men sit in the park and play guitar. One of the men begins to sing. The camera turns and people hold a large banner. They set down the banner, then later pick it up again.
A man and a woman build with Legos in a living room while a baby watches. A man then works on building a circular structure with Legos on a wooden table.
People stand on the sides of a street on a rainy day. A person rides by on a bicycle and the people cheer.
A person demonstrates an iPhone outdoors. He sets it on a wooden bench and on concrete. A picture of a mountain scene is shown on the iPod and the man uses his fingers to zoom in. The man demonstrates a variety of games and applications on the phone.
A red and orange graphic design is shown. Manual pages in black ink on a white background are shown. The page shown in the manual is changed. On one page, there is a picture of a jet ski, and other pages show images depicting assembly of something.
A person demonstrates use of features in the Microsoft Word program. Option windows are opened, and the appearance of the black text on the white background changes as options are selected.
A young woman in a white basketball uniform with the number 3 runs under the arms of her teammates. The young woman plays basketball on an indoor court, dribbling and shooting the ball, playing against young women in black basketball uniforms. A crowd sits in the stands watching the game. The young woman cheers and hugs her teammates. The team holds up a trophy.
A tree sits on the shore. It's reflection is cast on the water. A galaxy is seen. Plants grow from the ground. Flowers bloom and whither. A person in a white robe stands over a man buried in sand. There is a drawing of a person lying on the ground. Two people stand outdoors. A man and woman stand surrounded by animals outdoors. Clouds billow over trees.
Someone demonstrates use of a weekly swim training planner.
A toddler standing near a staircase holds an empty plastic bottle. He touches a dog with the bottle through the stair railings. He pets the dog through the railings. The toddler smiles and walks away.
Images of many young, pretty women are shown. An image of a beauty product is shown, along with women peeling a substance off of their skin.
Outdoors, a steam flows through a forest. Text appears in front of the image. A microscopic organism moves. An image of a bird flies over the video. Text scrolls across a background.
An RC monster truck drives around in a parking lot. Nearby are some cars. A man stands holding the controller. There are stores and buildings nearby.
People stand with cameras and take pictures of a man wearing sunglasses and a suit. A man in a suit sings. The crowd is outdoors near buildings. Some people hold signs. People clap for the man singing.
The wheels of a remote controlled car built from Lego pieces spin.
A basketball is shown. White text appears on a black background. A red arrow points down.
Plants grow upward in a window. White text is shown on a black background. The logo for BioMed Central is shown.
Women stand and talk in a building near a fan and a podium.
Black text appears on a white background. A person, whose face is obscured, plays on the drums using drumsticks. A guitar sits in the room nearby.
A group of young men plays music outside at night under a tent. Two men play electric guitars while one sings at a microphone. A man plays drums in the back. Two acoustic guitars sit behind the men playing. A chair sits behind the man singing, and there are two music stands.
A baby and her mom play with a ball that rolls down a table in a lining room. A dog sits nearby. 
A man stands and talks to boys and girls in swim suits. People raise their hands as the man asks questions. A boy steps back a step every time someone says something. Then he steps forward every time someone makes a positive comment.
A flying remote control vehicle with four helicopter blades hovers through the air in a field outside.
A young man and a young woman face each other and smile in front of signs.
Lights blink on a board with many knobs and many cords coming out of it.
Yellow and black text are shown. A man in a suit and gas mask is shown. A bio hazard symbol is shown.
Views of a greenhouse is shown. There are many exotic plants in the huge greenhouse. A man talks about the project.
A man in a plaid shirt stands in front of a closet door. He talks. He holds his iPhone. He attempts to tie a bow tie around his neck. He has a lot of difficulty.
A stingray swims across the bottom of the sea.
Text appears on a purple background. A picture of a young woman is shown.
Someone draws a man and a picture of a butcher in front of his store. He draws a grill. He draws a picture of a man getting ready to eat. He draws a picture of a person on a ladder. He writes words related to what he talks about.
People walk on the beach. Some people hold guns. People ride bikes down the street. People stand near tents.
A sea turtle swims near the ocean floor. On the ocean floor there is a lot of plants, algae, sponges and fish.
People stand and rap in front of a crowd onstage. They sing and dance as a screen of lights flashes.
A young man sits in the bleachers of a gym near a video camera. The scoreboard can be seen behind him. Other people sit on the bleachers nearby.
A man bicycles down a bike path outdoors. He wears a helmet and a messenger bag. It is a sunny day. Other cyclists ride past him.
In a video game, several people congregate in a room. A man in a hat stands at the end of a hall. People hold giant candy canes and wear clown masks. People wear teddy bear backpacks. A person runs outside past police cars. The person shoots a gun and then ducks behind a police car.
A car drives. People play floor hockey. People swim in a pool. Children play at a playground. A man shows the features of a house for sale. The kitchen, appliances, living room, bathroom, and bedrooms are shown. Outside, chairs, a table, and a grill sit on the deck in the backyard.
A tall black man in a suit gives an interview and speaks into several microphones that are held up to him. He stands in front of a screen covered in the Verizon logo.
A three dimensional picture depicting a Minecraft dirt and grass block is shown. Small lettering appears in the corners. Music plays in the background.
People stand outdoors. Young men and women walk in front of a large green leafy plant standing in front of a grey wall.
A logo spins and words appear on a screen. A man in a suit, tie, and glasses speaks to a woman in a pantsuit. They sit in chairs in front of posters with the logo. A table sits in front of the two and people walk behind them.
An Elmo toy sings and dances on the wood floor of someone's living room. A toy drum set sits behind him. A person takes away the tambourine Elmo was holding and puts a drum set under his hands.
Men and women dance outside at night. Some children dance as well. They raise their hands in the air as they dance. They are all dressed very casually. People play music on a stage.
In a video game, a person uses a sniper rifle to shoot opponents as he walks outside.
A cartoon picture of the face of a young woman with purple hair and purple eyes is shown as music plays in the background. Text describing the music appears at the bottom of the screen.
Korean lettering is shown. Colored dots fall on a white surface. Colored circles spit. Cartoon animals come out of the circles. The cartoon animals run through a cartoon forest. 
Many papers are on a wall. A man sits in front of the papers and types on his laptop. Books sit in front of him. Text appears in the foreground. The man in glasses and a suit jacket reads in french from a book. A cigarette smokes in an ashtray in front of him.
A man gives a lecture in a dark room in front of a projected image. On the projected image is the sea floor, and airplane, and two red arrows. The man points at the projection. People sit in a crowd in front of the man and watch him speak. Some people sit on the floor. A cartoon of people standing in line is shown on the projection.
The sky is shown. Someone demonstrates how to download and use a particular computer desktop application. They go on an art website to get the image for the application.
An image of the face of an old man with black hair, a bushy mustache, and very strange skin is shown. Music plays in the background.
A valley is shown. White text on a black background describe the valley. Bees fly nearby blue, man made hives in the valley. Tires sit on the ground.
Young women sit in boxes in a gymnasium. They climb out of the boxes, doing gymnastics and dancing. They climb back into the boxes.
A logo is shown. A boat sails through the water. A man and woman in a video game talk to each other. Zombies claw at the boat they are in. The boat blows up.
Boats sail through the water near a dock and a shore with many buildings. It is cloudy outside.
A dog puts his paws on a dryer. He sniffs the laundry and runs around the room.
A man in a suit and tie talks in an interview inside. He wears a flag pin. A person walks behind him.
A cartoon picture of a man with block skin in a suit and tie is shown. He is surrounded by eyes. In a cartoon, dead bodies lie at a person's feet. Music plays in the background.
A person demonstrates use of a feature in a program for design of houses. He shows how to change curtain walls into a door. The graphics are very stylized. Folders open up for the person to access features of the program.
A person demonstrates use of a tablet. He shows an app which gives instructions for various ways of tying a scarf. He then shows an app which demonstrates various ways to tie a tie.
A scene is seen through a wet window. Outside, there is snow. People walk through the snow as the car drives past many buildings and other cars. People sit on a bus.
On a computer screen, people sit at a desk. Behind this video there is a map of a country. A man talks on the television.
Young men do skateboard tricks at a skate park. Another young man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot.
Models walk down a runway with flashing lights. They all wear metallic lipstick, strange clothing, and have their hair up in a bun.
A man with long hair and a beard wearing a denim jacket sits outdoors and plays the acoustic guitar. He begins to sing. A picture of a field is shown.
A person gives an example of what it is like when someone signs up for a premium membership on WordPress. He uses PayPal to pay for the premium membership. He clicks many things and types in his information in order to pay.
Animated video of two people fighting with swords inside the courtyard of a castle. The castle looks to be chinese. At the end of the video one person slays the second person by sword.
Animated video of two people fighting with swords inside the courtyard of a castle. The castle looks to be chinese. At the end of the video one person slays the second person by sword.
This is a scene of a railway track. Few people are cycling some kind of cart on the railway track itself. There some people sitting on side of the track on a bench and a few people are standing. There are also two stationary railway wagons standing on nearby railway tracks.
One woman raises the wiper blade of car. Then she removes this wiper blade and takes out a new wiper blade and replaces the old wiper blade with this new one.
A boy is standing in a garden and talking. There is some trash lying behind him. Another guy comes in and he is displaying some kind of catapult made of wood in the backyard. He then launches a ball from that catapult. The first boy is back again. He has now got 2 white boxes and a pipe. By rotating the pipe he tries transferring water from one box to another.
A tractor is driving by itself in a field. Then few people are working with the tractor. One person puts some garbage in fuel tank of tractor . He then starts tractor by rotating some kind of handle of tractor. He repeats this process twice. Then he starts driving the tractor.
A video of some students treating a dog. The students are training to become a veteranarian. There is one instructor instructing the students. There is also a cat whom these students are treating.
Fireworks explode in London at the Olympics. A bridge can be seen. Young people jump and cheer. A woman sings into a microphone. People do archery and gymnastics. People talk to each other in a conference room. A person demonstrates use of a special table. People dance outside.
A front bike tire spins as someone rides on the road. The bike is viewed from many different angles as the person rides. You can see their hands on the handlebars and their feet pedaling.
Women and children make large colorful signs in a room to welcome home marines. People speak to the camera. People cheer as soldiers march and reunite with their families.
Two gears spin and a logo appears. A person uses a rifle in a video game to shoot other players in outdoor scenes. There are many large crates, tanks, and satellite dishes.
There is a simulation of a spinning drum producing pelts. The pelts are piled up and go into other machines. The pelts hang to dry and then are sprayed. The pelts sit under plastic and then are rolled through another machine. They go into another machine to dry.
A young man talks at a camera. He wears a red Hollister shirt and is sitting in front of a shelf. The shelf seems to have a mirror.
People on a boat are hit by large waves crashing over the sides. The people hang on tightly to the boat and try to steer it through the water. A man sits inside the boat and talks on a radio. People on the boat talk to the camera. People do maintenance on the boat in the dark. A map of the route the boat travels along is shown on a globe.
A person uses their pointer finger to play a simple game on an iPad in the dark. He keeps his finger on the iPad for most of the time and gets a high score.
Many planes fly in the air in mountains in Reno. Pilots are seen in the cockpit on the ground and in the air. Credits scroll at the end of the video.
A person shows their keg of homemade beer underneath a blanket. He shows a keg of porter inside of a chest freezer.
A person demonstrates how to use the computer program Audacity to play different music on the video game Roller Coaster Tycoon.
A background of red velvet designs is behind album art for a person singing an opera recording which plays.
A mom and baby duck swim in a lake. They create ripples in the lake as they swim. The water creates a reflection of the blue sky with clouds and trees nearby the water.
Clouds billow in the sky. The sky is blue. The tape is sped up. The tops of the leaves on a tree blow under the clouds. Power lines are under the clouds. Music plays in the background.
People run in circles in a crowd in a club as lights flash and a band plays rock onstage. There is are two guitarists who sing. There is also a drummer.
A cat sitting on the floor plays with the edge of a blanket and runs away. Another cat comes and sits on the spot where the first cat was sitting. The first cat runs back and attacks the cat who took his spot. The cats fight.
People in a fenced area in the dirt ride a young bull. The people sit on the bull and it runs. A girl falls off the bull.
A person in traditional native american garb dances. A young person in a costume dances. People watch the performances from lawn chairs. People beat on drums, singing and chanting.
A man wears a shirt with Japanese letters and a tiger. He sits in a chair in front of a brick wall with cartoon pictures and talks.
A graphics program contains a picture of a boat on the water under a cloudy sky. The boat is copied and moved to another part of the picture. The first boat is removed from the picture.
Women talk to a camera. People sit in a garden at a picnic table and eat. There are sunflowers and tomatoes in the garden. An older man with a beard talks in the garden.
A cartoon walks down the road and a car drives by. A man walks down the road as cars drive by. A cartoon walks down a hallway. A cartoon man plays piano with a cartoon woman standing behind him.
A house is shown. A lake surrounded by houses is shown. A bed sits in a house. A pool is shown. A dining room is shown.
Two blond women in brown shirts smiling. They are standing very close together, as if posing for a picture. The lady on the left asks, What are you afraid of? 
People stand near a dirt track on which several remote control cars race and drive. The track is surrounded by a chain link fence.
Numbers count down on a screen. Two men box in a boxing ring. A man gets into his convertible car and drives. A man sits at a desk and works. A soccer ball is on the desk. A logo appears.
On a lake surrounded by land, mountains trees, and houses, boats speed across the water. It is daytime.
Guy with crazy hair sitting behind a desk in what appears to be a computer class and being obnoxious. He uses a computer, reads the bible, leans over one of the students.
A person plays a first person shooter video game. Snow falls from the sky and mountains surround the area. A tattered flag flies nearby. A map appears. A flow graph is shown.
Time lapse of flowers over the course of one day. They open and close right before our eyes. Most are yellow, but two are blue. You can see the shadows change direction as the sun moves over head.
People shop and sell goods in an outdoor market. Many clothes hang on clothing racks. The market is shaded by tents. A food stand selling cheese and meat is set up outside.
Video capture from a computer screen. There is cluttered website displayed, with a prominent table in the middle of the screen. There is a man speaking about how to use the website, and he mentions something about a daily workout.
Man doing a movie review. There are many cutaways and special effects in the background. He says the movie is good, then gives several fake website urls to reach him at.
Middle school boys and girls sit on bus seats. Pictures of landscapes and the insides of buildings with interesting architecture are shown. A room that looks like a face is shown. There are pictures of roller coasters, water rides, and water slides. Middle school boys and girls do crafts on a table. Drawings of people hang on a wall. Girls eat messily out of bowls. Girls and boys in costumes stand together. People hold trophies.
The word fossil on an intricate mechanical device with many gears. The word auto o matic below a spinning needle. Several jewels are inlaid. More lettering around the trim of the device. It may be a clock.
Music plays. There is a cartoon picture of three girls in Anime style. One girl has pink hair and wears a witch hat, another has purple hair and wears a bow, and a third has green hair. A yin yang symbol is behind the girls. Japanese and English words are at the bottom.
Smiling man in a suit walking through an open gate. He is followed by a couple in casual clothes, who are followed by two more men in suits. There are photographers taking their pictures as they come in, then they line up for more pictures. A man gives a speech.
A gun is fired at a gallon of water that is propping up a board. As a bullet hits the gallon of water, the jug explodes and the board falls to the ground.
Men in uniforms on an outdoor field play rugby. They tackle each other and end up in a pile. Spectators watch from the bleachers.
Water flowing through a shallow channel in rock or wet sand, it is not clear. The stream splits in two, then joins back together.
Many boys swim in a river near a rocky dirty shore outside. The water flows and some boys throw things and splash each other.
Animation made from bad, childlike drawings. Seems to be a ladybug on a green background smiling and moving around.
Professional fireworks display viewed from across a lake. This appears to be the grand finale. A man says wow repeatedly.
People have a conference at a table in a video game. Some of those at the conference table are aliens. Holograms appear above the table and the hologram speaks. A robot stands near the table.
Indoor cycling class. A bunch of people in athletic clothes are crammed into a tight space, exercising. Each has a white towel and is wiping themselves down as they cycle slowly. A lady takes a swig from her water bottle.
Group of children following an adult woman up a hill. Shots of children rock climbing. They have safety ropes and equipment. 
Girls playing softball. A girl in a pink helmet makes it to third base. Another girl is out at first. 
Fluffy black cat playing with something orange on the floor. The video is very dark and it is hard to make anything out.
Time lapse of a person playing the game MineCraft and building an island in it. Several days pass until they are finally finished. 
An animated video with an invisible dragon playing a xylophone with the same notes in a loop. There are two colours to the sticks, red and blue. The notes being struck float on an island, producing coloured waves.
A man playing an acoustic guitar, going all crazy about it with a cowboy hat on. He is in a living room and is singing into a single microphone.
A French video advertisement for indoor tiles. A woman is talking with multiple cut shots of marketing text. 
A video of a swimming pool with a competition going on. Looks like a relay event. The area around the pool is crowded with participants. 
A video about constructing a food patch. Predominately features hay. A man is taking into a microphone reporting the scene.
A concert video of Adam Lambert performing a song with background dancers. He is wearing a black jacket that clashes horribly with the yellow of the dancers.
An information video about the rights of a pensioner in the European Union. The video is completely graphic. It also talks about healthcare.
An Harry Potter esque video featuring a small girl and her roller coaster experience. Another person films the entire thing on a track opposite to hers. The contraption is hand built.
A band of musicians is rehearsing a song. There is a lead singer with three other vocalists, a drummer, a guitarist, a keyboard player and a saxophone player. The lead singer is wearing a headphone and singing into a microphone. There are several computers recording their performance digitally. The video is shot in an indoor music studio.
An instructional video that features setting up a forwarding out in Gmail. Detailed instructions are provided. It is a screencast. A test is also shown using a desktop email client.
An music video of a man in a cool orange shirt. Probably the singer. Multiple shots of him in other cool outfits are shown. Cool animation effects are also added to the video.
Video of a snail doing its thing in wet grass. It probably rained. The snail has a red shell. A close up on the snail is shown and you can clearly see its eyes.
An game play video of an RPG game that involves use of physics to navigate through dangerous terrain. The map looks as if it were for younger players.
Game play video of an multiplayer RPG game. Focuses on one player as he attacks enemy territory at night. He does not make much progress.
Tim lapse video of a garden fountain and the water formation it makes. It is an elaborate setup with four smaller rectangular pools, on small bird bath and a larger circular pool
A game play guide video featuring BorderLands 2. The video walks through multiple missions and focus on how to finish them. The video is a spoiler.
A presentation video featuring a microscopic organism and the motion of its walk in a controlled substrate.
A video of a engine that shows rust. The video is a taken in a garage that is pretty messy. Not too much can be made of the rust from the visuals alone.
Video of a man rapping at multiple locations. Clearly, he is cool. His friends join in in several filler shots. The locations are of an urban setting.
This video is about a band playing orchestra along a track around a school's football field. The video sometimes shows a montage of clips showing large groups of people playing high school football band music. This video is shot outdoors.
An ultraviolet light video of what looks like coronal ejections. You can see the stars in the background.
An advertisement video for a computer software to send SMS in bulk. The video features text and screeshots of the software.
A person is showing differences between iPhone 4s and iPhone 5 models. The black iPhone 5 is larger and thinner than the white iPhone 4s. The dock connector in the iPhone 4s is larger than that in iPhone 5. This video is shot indoors at a place that resembles a room with a study desk. Only the hands of the presenter are visible in the video.
A young boy wearing a blue hooded t shirt sings a song playing a guitar. In the background we can see posters pinned to the wall and some clothes of various colors hanging.
A person is playing tricks with his yellow bike on a street near a parking lot. The person is wearing a white helmet. This video is shot outdoors.
A person is playing a first person game manipulating cuboidal objects in a three dimensional space. The sprites appear to be floating in the virtual space. Often times a block of these sprites on the top of a platform are pushed down to reveal burning fire from inside.
A woman shoots a video from inside of a car through a rolled up window. She shoots on the way to Mount Rainier in Washington state. There is a railway track by the side of the road and she speaks about a river running through the woods on the other side of the railway tracks. The footage finally stops at the entrance of the Dow Chemical Company.
Feeding two tiny red baby rabbits which had been abandoned by their mother using a surrogate mother.
White puppy jumps on a bed to play with a black puppy who is already on the bed. They have a toy in their mouths that they are fighting over.
Girl demonstrating an experiment with a balloon. She rubs the balloon against her hair, then places the balloon next to a stream of water from a faucet. The stream bends. She explains how static electricity causes this effect.
Six lego figures next to each other moving in various ways. The one on the right falls over, the one next to it waves, and the one next to that is running.
there are several cars moving in a line on some sort of a national highway.there are several buildings in the background.
here is a car, moving through the forest. there is a narrow and rugged path through the forest,both sides covered by trees.
there is a busy street with shops on both sides.there are people walking by the footpath and buses moving on the road and stopping by the bus stop.
The Italian words Cappella Sistina are displayed in red in the center of the screen. A person pronounces it several times.
Video of industrial and construction equipment outdoors. Lots of metal scaffolding and machines of various sors.
Advertisement video for a toy. Buildings, airplanes, and other things were constructed with the toy. It is an airport.
People riding a mechanical bull at night. At the end, a man lights his hand on fire, then spits fuel onto it to breathe fire.
News broadcast in which dolphins are getting stranded on the beach at cape code. People say they do not know why this is happening. The people help the dolphins and put them back in the water.
News broadcast about a rally for immigration reform. Immigrants interviewed tell their stories. Crowds of people at the protest hold signs.
A reporter shoots a video of mud running by marines. The runners cross rivers, mud pits, 5 feet walls, slippery mud hills and long mud covered tracks. Often the runners seem to run in groups showing good camaraderie.
Hands moving, pinching, and grasping to control a user interface, lines on the screen are drawn between fingertips. People gesturing to play games and do work on their computer.
Time lapse of sunrise on a beach. The sun is rising over the water in the morning. There are no clouds in the sky.
Music video featuring a static image, probably cover art. The image itself might be a picture of fabric that is cropped in multiple angles and therefore looks cool.
Video of a training mission for fire fighters. Features a team dousing out a fire and then performing a maintenance check of the equipment.
Video featuring a freshly painted swimming pool. The location is indoor with tools and cans all around.
A interview video from the World Economic Forum featuring a business leader talk about several ideas.
A video of an interview of Board Chair of a tenants group. A elder woman talks into the camera about Board advocacy.
Video advertisement featuring art artifacts. Multiple pieces are showing of varying sizes, shapes, colour and texture. The video is pseudo motion.
Video of a woman on a beach hill talking about and pointing to stuff around the area. She is talking about endemic species in the area. The video is a proposal for a project.
Man sitting and playing guitar. He is fingerpicking. It is a slow and peaceful song, the guitar has a wooden finish.
It appears to be a first person view of a roller coaster. The track is above the camera and the people are probably hanging somehow. The roller coaster slowly gets up to the top and then drops. People can be heard screaming and laughing. The roller coaster is mostly teal beams and a white track. The background is a cloudy sky.
Horse race. Jockeys are riding their horses. They are racing towards the finish. Near the end, the horses are neck and neck.
Promotional video about a vocational institute for online investing and day trading. The video is a screencast presentation.
Screencast video about specific verses from a religious text. Features explanation and translation of the text.
Man in the back of a van strumming acoustic guitar and singing. He is using a silver capo. He appears to live out of the van, as there are cloths hanging to the right.
Video of a street protest. It appears to be peaceful. A large crowd is walking around in a particular lane of the road.
A puppet performs on a stage by juggling. There is a drape for a background. Different puppets appear and do circus performances. Between acts there is usually a curtain closing and opening. A puppet plays xylophone. Another lifts a dumbbell. A clown puppet balances on a stack of chairs and then pops a balloon. A man chases a dog. A monkey jumps on a hanging bar and does flips. He swings back and forth and jumps between two hanging bars. A man walks through a cemetery and skeletons come out and start dancing. The skeletons separate parts float around the screen.
Music plays and white text on a black screen slowly zooms forward. The text reads Paula G . The text then fades away. 
Music video. Black and white clips of a girl and her boyfriend acting romantic. They run, hug, kiss, etc. Video of the girl playing and singing the song on her guitar.
This video is made up of video game footage, consisting mostly of car and motorcycle crashes, as well as people falling or flying away from the crashes.
A man stands in front two paintings of naked women. He talks about the the paintings and the camera zooms in on the paintings. There is a third painting to the left and the camera zooms in on this. There is a door and a cabinet off the right behind the man. Only his face can really be seen.
Person pushes elevator button repeatedly and impatiently. The elevator arrives and they get inside and push the button for their floor. They show the view out the glass front of the elevator. The doors open and they get out.
This video as an interview with a US navy SEAL discussing the SEAL training program. The interview is interspersed with footage from various training activities, including swimming, wrestling, boxing and various other exercises.
This video is first person footage of someone kayaking through some minor rapids. At one point the kayak tips over, and the person is thrown a rope and pulled to shore.
Text displays on the screen. A man wearing all black clothing and a mask holds a holds a battering ram and bashes a door with it. The video switches to the other side of the door and a brace is keeping the door from opening. The scene switches to two men standing in front of two doors. Text displays below them. The men walk towards the doors and try to kick them open. The man on the left is successful and another man walks out of the left door. The man on the right continues to try to kick the door open with no success. Text displays as well as a rotating picture of a door brace.
A video with a non English voiceover, consisting mostly of a sign with the words Kapif Sharma's Punjabi Comedy Zone. 
A machine rests between supports. It incrementally shifts to the left above a metallic sheet. It isn't clear what the machine is doing. The camera zooms out a bit and a blue display can be seen in the top right on the machine. Other components are attached but not moving on the left and right.
This video demonstrates one method for constructing a self watering planting box using soil, plastic bottles, planting pots and assorted broken pottery.
Text displays and a kid stands in front of a microphone and speaks a poem. He moves his hands around in expression of the words he is speaking. Behind him there is a black backdrop to the left and white wall to the right. He bows and the audience applauds.
This video contains interviews with various Berkeley students talking about the school. This is interspersed with random clips from around the school, as well as the students writing words on a transparent panel in front of the camera.
This video is just a series of several still images of a female singer, with a non English song playing in the background.
A man wearing a mask and holding two huge guns talks to the screen. He holds up the guns in excitement. Short clips of people display. Lots of people are in there underwear. Some kids hold a sign that says Bad Norwegian and dance. A man shoots a gun. Another man stands next to a fish tank. 
This video shows a group of wild flowers, possibly dandelions, with odd deformations or growths on them. The video maker asks if anyone knows what they are.
Text displays. A kid stands in front of a microphone and reads a poem. There is a black backdrop behind him. He holds the paper up and shakes his other hand.
This is an ad for Zach Theatre showing a set of pseudo motion images from its plays
A man stands in front of a microphone and talks to an audience. There is a table with glasses on it in front of him. A screen can be seen in the right corner behind him. The video zooms out and men are setting up microphones and drums to the right of the man speaking. The video jumps to a different clip and a man and a woman in a huge red dress stand next to the man talking. The video changes again and now people are lined up next to the man talking and holding glasses. They hold up the glasses.
This video shows a forest scene, processed to add indistinct downward drifting particles to the footage. A song plays, and the lyrics appear in green and black text in the center of the video.
Text displays with an icon of part of a stick figure walking through a door. Music plays. There is a blurry black and blue hue to the background.
Men sit on a wall around a gate. In front of them is a open dirt area. One man opens the gate and a bull comes out of the gate with a man riding it. The bull shakes back and forth and knocks the man off. The man runs off to the left.
This is scene of a weightlifting competition. One man is dead lifts some weight and then celebrates. There are some other people in the background.
A catamaran rides on the ocean. The video changes to slow motion and the boat leans forward on its nose and spins around. The video continues to shown different catamaran sail boats riding around. There are small mountains and hills in the background.
A man is sitting on a chair on a stage and playing some keyboard kind of instrument. Then that man stand up and plays some instrument with his mouth, Then that man is playing some instruments with his hand and talking. Then that man sits down again and keeps on talking.
A man is sitting in a studio and talking. Then there is a scene of a furnace. Then a bearded man is interviewed near logs of wood. That bearded man drives a truck. Then there is also an interview of a woman. Then there is a scene of that bearded man sitting in his house with that woman and having dinner and playing with his dog. At the end of the video the man sitting in studio is back and talking .
There is a young man and a young woman who introduce themselves. Then there are some scenes of these two surrounded by a small crowd and photographed. Then both the man and woman are interviewed. The man is now standing in an old house and some kind of shoot is going on. The man is playing a guitar and later on he hugs the woman. It seems there is a shoot of music video going on. The man plays guitar and sings.
There are few tanks and there is a crowd to see those tanks. There are people sitting atop the tanks. One tank climbs up a ramp and slowly drives down it. One tank is moving in the field.
There is a man sitting on a stage playing guitar and singing. It is pretty dark. There are some lights flashing intermittently. 
This is a music video . In this a boy is singing on a microfone. In another scene he is sitting down and playing guitar and singing. There is also a scene in which a toy santa claus moves up and down a rope infront of the singer. In some scenes the singer is dancing while singing.
An asian man is giving some talk. He is making some gestures with hand and has some paper tucked into his coats pocket.
a woman is trying to get on a mechanical bull. at last she succeeds.the bull starts rotating ,but the woman tries to balance herself to stay on the top of the bull.
a boy speaks about a topic while sitting in his garden.then he offers something to his friend in some other place .he shows his passport while again speaking in the garden.
An outdoor video during night. There are some two wheelers parked in the parking of some monument. That parking is infront of the monument. There are some men standing in the parking and talking among themselves. One of them is smoking cigarette. 
a man covered himself in a mask hits the door with some object but the door doesn't open.then two men start kicking the door probably to rescue.one succeeds but the other keep kicking the door.
Text displays in front of a scene of a city in the winter. It's snowing and people are walking around with cars driving by them. The scene changes to inside a restaurant and displays a number of desserts on plates.
a man swims inside a pool.he tries to reach the floor of the pool by holding his breath.then he again raises above.
The video shows a bag attached to the back of a motorcycle. The camera moves around the motorcycle while focusing on the bags. There is grass as well as houses and trees in the background. The camera man talks about the bags while he zooms in on them. He unzips the bag and removes part of it so that only one smaller bag is resting on the bike.
two men start speaking in a room,then the other men start speaking outside.the several people argue probably in the parliament before the speaker.
A girl is tying her shoelaces. Then she takes position for running and starts running. Then she lies down on a grass field. Then she stands infront of different landmarks like a road , a castle and a cannon and talks something. She then sits in a room with a woman , a man, a young girl and a cat and talks. She then stands in a bar with a boy and a girl and drinks something. She then stands in a cloth store and tries out different clothes. Then a woman pushes her around in shopping cart. In the end she stands with some other people with cat in the background.
a boy wearing a different hat and a girl wearing glasses talk .there is a cups on the table.then the girl starts holding her cup with two hands.
It is some kind of rock concert. A band is playing on the stage. The lead singer is singing and banging his head. The lead singer is only wearing underwear and is topless. The guitarist is also head banging . There is also a drummer. 
a man and a woman start dancing.the man hold the woman close and tight.they start moving their legs and then their hands,
their is a group of girls dancing together.then start doing somersault and rotating their head so that the hair starts spinning.
Crayfish and snails are resting on pebbles in a tank. The crayfish crawl around the tank and on the snails. The camera moves around the tank to show different crayfish.
A man is driving a car in a parking loot and talking . That man is wearing a hoodie. He keeps on talking. At the end of the video there is another man standing in a room and talking.
A woman sits in front of the camera. Another woman talks about curling hair and demonstrates on the woman sitting. Hands and a curling iron can be seen on the right side of the screen. There is a table to the left with bottles on it but other than that, there is nothing in the room.
there are people singing ,playing musical instruments.one of them has all hair covering him.and few along with playing guitar, they also dance
A band plays in front of a crowd. The crowd consists of a lot of horn instruments and two guitars. The band members are in a tent. The crowd to the right is outside of the tent.
In beginning there is and animation of globe. A bird is standing in a field and eating something. It picks up something with its beak and then drops it. It keeps on playing with that. Then the bird sleeps on the ground get up and again starts playing with that brown object. Then there is a scene of a bird sitting on a tree and playing with something. 
Blurring videos display of people painting a wall. Short clips show a man using spray paint to make graffiti. Music plays and the screen flashes while showing a sped up video of the man painting. He finishes painting and the video displays the finalized art.
A reporter talks to a camera. A picture displays of a red river and text appears in front of that. Websites are shown with news reports on them about the river. A sequence of pictures is displayed, all of the red river. Some have people, some have building and bridges and boats.
This is video of inside of a house. A person is carrying the camera and shooting. First it goes to the kitchen of the house, then a bedrooms inside the house and then to the bathroom. Then the camera shows the living room. There is a sofa set and a dining table in the living room. Then the camera goes inside the other bedroom and then back into bathroom. Then the camera shoots on the balcony of the house. There are some chairs in the balcony. At the end a staircase is shown.
Scene of a road as seen from drivers seat of a car. The car is driving and other vehicles are passing it. After some time it makes a left turn.
A man is standing infront of a wall with paper cuttings and talking. Then there is a scene of a hall where everyone is sitting but one person is dancing. Then in next scene all the people are dancing. Then again the first man is talking. Then a guy is working on computers. Then there is a scene of a hallway and a staircase. Then a woman comes and has a conversation with a man. At the end a man wearing a cap talks to the camera. 
There is some kind of metallic cylindrical object hanging with a pink coloured plastic bottom. A hummingbird comes and sits on that plastic bottom and starts feeding something. Soon a number of humming birds arrive there and start doing the same.
a man shows a mixer .he open the mixer with the screw driver.then he uses other tool to hold the bottom part of the mixer and tries to do something on the above part of the mixer.
One woman and three men standing on a stage and playing musical instruments. One man is playing something like trumpet. The woman and another man are playing some stringed instrument. There are some people walking in the background. There is a small kid standing and dancing infront. That kid then takes out a toy gun and makes gestures of shooting with it. 
Man holding soil in his hands and poking at it. He talks about the soil. There are plants all around him.
Animation about medicine and the Trans Pacific Partnership Agreement. Video claims the people of the world, especially third world countries, would be harmed by this trade agreement. It would make surgical methods patent able.
This video shows a first person shooter game. The player moves around in the inside of some building and keeps shooting at his enemies. The shooter runs around sometimes very rapidly and jumps and makes flips. The visual effects of the trajectories of bullets fired from automatic weapons are quite good.
The video shows a parody of Hitler where tracks of his speeches are combined into a narration of a recipe to cook pie. Hitler is shown to be giving address to large groups of people and seem to fidgeting a lot. He moves his arms rapidly and keeps shouting.
A person reviews the Ice cream sandwich Android operating system on a Samsung smart phone. The OS seems very responsive to touch and the graphics also is very fast given that the phone being reviewed is an older generation single core device. The display color also looks very vibrant.
A cartoon cat sits in a desk and picks up a phone. He leaps on a desk with people sitting around it. He frowns and points at a board with graphs on it. Then the cat walks around and poses in front of the screen. The scene changes to the cat in an airplane, then a singing female cat playing piano. The cat walks through a hallway while frowning, then walks outside a door and dances.
A man wearing a red hoodie sits in front of a camera and talks. There is a door to his right. He rocks back and forth in the chair and talks while looking around.
A 3 dimensional graph with red dots plotted on it is displayed. The graph rotates around and a arrow is drawn, pointing at the center of the red dots.
A boy kneels down in a leaving room and holds a box. There a lots of toy cars on the ground around him. He picks up a toy car and rolls it over the box. He then stands up. There is a desk behind him to the right and windows to his left.
A car is driving on a countryside road. There is a green car infront and some mountains are visible in the background. The car turns left after sometime ,and then comes to a halt.
People stand on a basketball court. One player shoots a free throw and makes it. The other team gets the ball and they pass it around. A referee is on the court as well.
Music plays while a picture displays of a concert stage with tons of white balloons floating in front of it. There is also text displayed near the top of the image.
Text displays, then transitions to a video of a construction vehicle. The loader moves its components, then drives forward. There are buildings and trees in the background as well as some trucks. The vehicle backs up and then drives forward again.
Music plays and a picture displays two men standing in front of a wall with text on it. The man on the left is leaning on the man on the right. They are both wearing hats.
A woman sits in front of the camera and talks. Text displays below her. The video switches to a different woman sitting in a gym and talking. There are windows in the background and balls and weights on the floor. She exercises in the room as well as waving her hands while she talks. There are a number of pictures displayed of the woman doing various things. Typically in the pictures she is dressed up and modelling. The video transitions back to the first woman and she talks to the camera again.
Text displays. People are in bathing suits standing on the grass near a river. Some people continue to stand around and others get in the water. They swim in the river as a group. They appear to be racing. There are trees in the background. The swimmers get out of the water at different times. One swimmer tags in a bicycler. The others take off their dry suits and get on bicycles and start riding down a path. The video switches to people riding bicycles down a path, then to people running down a path. Others stand around and cheer on the runners.
A cat and a dog lay on a blanket. They grab each others faces and chew on each other. The animals roll around and wrestle with each other.
A man dances on a dance floor very quickly. He swings his hands around and jumps up and down. There are speakers behind him and flashing lights all around. Another man and a woman walk out on the dance floor and move around more slowly. There are many people standing around and watching, including a bride and groom. The music speeds up and the dancers start jumping and waving their arms again.
This video shows a forest scene, processed to add indistinct downward drifting particles to the footage. A song plays, and the lyrics appear in green and black text in the center of the video.
This video shows a forest scene, processed to add indistinct downward drifting particles to the footage. A song plays, and the lyrics appear in green and black text in the center of the video.
This video shows a forest scene, processed to add indistinct downward drifting particles to the footage. A song plays, and the lyrics appear in green and black text in the center of the video.
A stroller rolls in front of a video screen. The screen has lots of people walking and cars and bicycles driving through a city. The stroller spins around and folds down and then back out.
The video shows a garden with lots of flowers. There are some very large plants in the foreground. A dog walks on some grass in the background. The camera moves to the left to show some of the other plants in the garden. The camera walks through the grass. Bushes and trees are in the garden. Some plants are potted. The video then shows a fountain with a sculpture of a boy on the top of it. The camera zooms in on a pink flower, then on a tree with white flowers.
People in traditional 19th century, perhaps military dress march in formation down a European looking street at night, surrounding a group of people in elaborate robes. Following these groups is a large group of musicians playing various instruments while they march, followed by a group holding books and singing.
Two black cats play with a toy that is swinging back and forth on a rope hung from the ceiling in someone's living room.
A woman in a swimsuit uses some sort of stair stepping exercise machine in what looks like a kitchen or dining room.
The camera shows a video of some grass. In the background are some trees and a house. A person runs by followed by another in the background. The man runs past some buildings and the zombie girl chases him. A zombie boy stands up and starts running as well. The man climbs on top of a building. Now three zombies are chasing him but they fail to climb up on the building. The man runs into a building and grabs a hatchet. The man axes the zombie girl. The zombies chase the man and then he falls and they eat him. Text scrolls across a black screen.
A grain silo at a barn falls over while several people watch. Presumably this is a controlled demolition, since the video captures it from two different angles and the voices of the onlookers do not sound alarmed.
This is a video from the video game Minecraft demonstrating how to combine items in the game to craft a sword.
A grass circle has a bunch of people standing in it. A crowd sits in stadium seats around them. A bull comes into the circle and jumps around. The people run from the bull but some try to approach it. Another bull comes into the crowd with a man riding it. The bull chases people and they jump on the fence surrounding the grass.
This is an animated video showing two anime styled characters communicating by drawing and writing on a transparent wall between them. Eventually one of the characters tries to punch through the wall and fails.
A crowd of people stands in a town square. There are trees and buildings in the background. People releases a bunch of balloons that appear to have notes on them. The video zooms in on the balloons floating off into the sky.
A man apparently an Islamic cleric of some sort sitting at a desk and speaking into a microphone. He speaks mostly in English, but periodically he speaks in Arabic and text appears to translate it.
A girl sits in front of a camera and claps her hands. The video transitions to different kids clapping their hands in front of a teal wall, then to the kids talking to the camera. Text displays in front of them.
People stand in a crowd under a tent. Individuals are interviewed in front of a building right of the tent. There are speakers in the text talking to the crowd. People get on and off of a train. The train pulls away from the station.
Music plays. A drawn picture displays of a girl writing on a wall with one hand and leaning on the wall with the other.
A man runs around an industrial looking area at night, holding a fake gun. At one point he stops to eat an orange. The video ends with him being attacked by a shirtless man with fake blood on his chest, wearing pants that make him look like he's riding a large inflatable rubber ducky.
Man riding a sailboard on a body of water, possibly a lake or ocean. There are other sailboards in the background. The man does a spinning trick on the board.
its some kind of a construction made using stones to support stairs to the top of the hill,then he focus on a card with some text on it.

a person walk out of a building.it seems like a restaurant.and he seems delivering the food.their is a bike and he hits the road.there are several cars on the road.
A snake charmer is displaying some snakes in a crowded market place. There is a monkey sitting behind him and a small crowd stands surrounding him.
Time lapse video of the sky at night. Many stars are visible as small dots of light. They appear to move as the earth rotates. Some shooting starts are momentarily visible.
The camera pans across a bunch of dirt, while a man talks about cellophane. At the end of the camera's pan there is a piece of folded paper with the word cellophane written on it in elaborate script. 
This is video of a marathon. There is a lane in middle with spectators standing on both sides of the lane. The runners are running on that lane in the middle. There are some buildings in the background.
there is a boat sailing in a river.some one shows his phone and points to some kind of reading in it.
Two young men film themselves riding up and down in an elevator. The people recording can be seen clearly in the reflections off the elevator doors.
there are group of people sitting and playing music.a man seems like a general speaks before the crowd.then a lady comes on to the stage and speak before the crowd.
A man is standing in a field and holding a butterfly in his hand. There are some other people standing there and talking. One of the woman standing there has a backpack. Then all of them go into bushes in the field and try to spot butterflies. They catch a butterfly in a net and hold it in hand. One of them takes a photograph of this butterfly.
Video recording of a Macintosh desktop. Flexiblecms.com is open in a web browser. Several pages of the website are shown. The browser is resized to demonstrate how the page looks on a phone.
there is a big crowd cycling.most of them are wearing some kind of a bag on their back.there are few motor cycles accompanying them.
It looks like some kind of arena with a muddy field in center and spectator stands all around it. There are some spectators sitting on the sands and some of them are fanning themselves with papers.
their are few girls holding a Chinese fans in their hand,dancing .then a boy starts dancing along with them.then he starts facing towards them and see how they dance.
Recipe for bunelos de pina. Pineapple cubes are dipped in a mixture of water and tempura soft, and fried in hot oil. They are then sprinkled with cocoa powder.
a man with a gun in his hand and points towards a small tent in his back yard.then he goes near the tent and inspects the tent.
A baby is pushing a toy cart inside a room. There is an airconditioner in the background. The baby finally stops when it reaches a closed door.
its a game simulation.a man defending himself against some weird creatures.he uses a boy to save himself and in the end he use his bow to fight a big red beast.
This is an animated video. A dog walks up to a copy machine and prints a Beethoven's symphony. Another dog comes and modifies that document. Then the first dog shows the second dog a human face and the second dog starts running. The second dog then comes back and collides with a laptop and then again modifies that document to reinstate it to its original state.
Firetrucks and ambulances with their lights flashing. One firetruck has its ladder extended, and the firemen in the basket are peering in the windows of an apartment building.
This is an instructional video on how to tie show laces. However the person ties both the shoe laces together and then tries to walk and falls down.
View from a helicopter flying over a city. An express way is visible, with cars driving along it, as well as many buildings.
there is a man and woman sleeping on the ground and then sitting on the opposite side of the tree,then a woman starts singing in her building.
In the beginning there is a slide show of some old black and white photos. Then there is an old man talking. Then there is again a slideshow of old photos of a music band and some family photos.
there is a bridge ,fully lightened with street lights and cars.the a duck swims through the lake.then few people start playing musical instruments.
A baby is sleeping. Her mother is holding her and watching her.
a man holding a musical instrument in his hand playing and singing together.then shows a box with a light,seems like a amplifier.then again rotates some knobs on the box and starts playing the instrument again.
An old man and an old woman are sitting on a couch and a young man comes in and serves coffee to them. He then shows album of some kind to them. The old man then sits on a in a dentist's chair and a dentist works on his teeth.Then there are photos of some dentures and a man is shown making artificial teeth. Finally that old man wears a set of artificial teeth and smiles. 
Roller coaster which somebody made in the game MineCraft using mining carts and tracks. A ghost appears and destroys the track.
there are few people sitting inside a cage and the other one sitting in a chair.all seem injured.they are being tortured by a big man.the people inside the cage start screaming.they start shouting.
There are two huge transparent vessels containing some brown coloured liquid. The there is a close up of that vessel . Small bubbles are rising up inside the liquid and froth is formed on the tip of the liquid.
there are people playing some sort of musical instruments.and a man singing and dancing in front of the crowd.there different colored lights twinkling.
Man giving a presentation. He is standing in front of the projector. He slaps his chest repeatedly and gestures with his hands.
This is view from inside of a car. The car is driving on a dirt track. There are some trees in the background. There are a few other cars also driving around on the dirt track. 
a man speaks and then fills the bucket with some kind of a material from a big bag.he then gets into the field.sits near the crops and starts explaining about some thing.
Girl in a locker room zips her bag and Velcros her shoes. She buys a drink from a vending machine and gives it to another girl. When the drink can is opened, they start dancing. Many groups of dancers are shown.
there are few candles already lightened.then few people holding some musical instruments and play music in front of the fire.
a child holding a bow and arrow starts pointing his arrow towards a bucket in his backyard.the release the arrow and the repeats the process three times.
A woman is lecturing in a lecture room and there is a screen in the front of the class where some slides are projected. The students are listening intently. Then there is an interview of that woman lecturer and those students are seen feeding some cows and working in a cow shed. In the end there is a view of the college building from outside.
a car hitting the wall in the slow motion.there is a dummy sitting inside the car while driving on to the wall.
Video is about pluto, and how it was reclassified from a planet to a plutoid. Many pictures and visualizations of pluto are shown. Pictures of other members of the kuiper belt, which are very similar to pluto, are also shown.
there is a group of people holding few bags in the hand.they talk with the people and have a photograph with them.
A woman is giving a bath to a small furry dog in a sink . She applies shampoo to the dog and rubs it well all over the dog's body. She then washes of the shampoo. She then wipes the dog with a towel and uses a hot air dryer to make the dog dry. 
Recipe for mango and passion fruit foam. Ingredients are Mango pure, passion fruit pure, and proespuma cold. A person pours in the ingredients and mixes them together.
here a man plays a kind of the musical instrument,which looks like a piano with both his hand and hiss foot inside his house.
This is a video inside a lecture room and all the students have a computer and a woman is instructing. Then there are interviews of the instructor and a student. 
a truck starts lifting its storage area and reverts back.then it moves in the reverse direction and the moves in the forward direction,now it starts to rotate.
Gymnast with a ribbon. While she dances the twirls the pink ribbon to make patterns. She also dances with a ball. She talks about how she became a physicist.
A girl is sitting in a room, playing a guitar and singing. In between she also plays a digital keyboard, a piano, drums and also plays a different set of guitar. She plays a drum with her feet. She then dances and plays guitar and sings.
a small kids plays with his bike.he rides his bike by putting one leg on the bike and the other one to slide the floor.he does it many time.in the end he starts to speak something.
An old woman is talking and there are some people walking past behind her. There is a tent of some kind behind her and a tree in the background.
Sign warning of dangerous conditions in the water today. Man kayaking in the water. The waves pound against him. He gets flipped over, but manages to right himself.
Video of a South Asian band playing heavy Western music. Probably a battle of the bands. A large crowd looks on. The guitarist has a solo. The singer is wearing a red shirt and is walking around singing. Some of the crowd in front are going mad with the head banging.
Pseudo motion video of images of flowers. Multiple kinds of flowers are shown. Some flowers are shown before and after bloom.
Video of a man preaching. He is on a stage in front of a TV audience. He is walking around and making his point.
Trailer for a short film. The movie is a foreign one. The man goes to Thailand to find himself. The video features multiple shots, indoor and outdoor. In one scene, a man and a woman a brushing. In another, a man and a woman are dancing.There are several shots of a gym.
An animated video about a nuclear power plant. The video details plans and schematics. It also includes written text explaining several parts of the plant.
A video detailing Windows Phone 7 and its Metro UI. Multiple aspects of the phone are brought to close up. The settings tab confirms the type and make of the phone.
Video of a protest as it is about to start. The police are interfering, trying to stop something drastic from happening. One of the protestors is arrested. There are multiple protestors, thinly dressed. They are visibly angry.
Promotional video for a barbeque chef. The video presents multiple shots of the chef with a grill with shots of a crowd in an outdoor setting. The people are in a lawn inside a tent with food and tables.
Report video about a tree planting program. A sapling is being planted and is buried. A younger man helps an elder man plant the tree. A sign is placed recording the event. A large crowd looks on. The setting is a campus lawn. There is a tent with a table near by.
A promotional video featuring an RPG game tournament. A brief shot of the game is shown. The video ends by presenting a score card. The player switches weapons and strafes before the video ends.
The video is the opening credits to a BBC news program. The video features the BBC opening credit sequence that involves a white background and red stripes that converge to form a picture of the globe. A man is briefly shown before a cut to the news item.
A promotion video featuring two people looking to find sustainable development by bicycling all over the country. It includes multiple shots, mostly outdoor. Features different people doing various things.
A German language course about a man and a duck. The video is static and loops on a particular image. The story is read out.
An animated video about an outdoor swimming pool. The video pans around the pool as the artificial day progresses to night.
An action video for a large earth mover. The video features the automobile moving around and demonstrating its normal functioning tasks. Also shows off its unloading feature.
A game play video featuring World of Warcraft. The player moves around with multiple pets. One of them is a small blue dragon and the other looks like a carrot. The player has the dragon fight a Cockroach and then lets the carrot have a go. The setting is outdoor near a forest city.
Video of an orchestra playing with a composer on stage. The orchestra is large with multiple members. most of them being the choir.
Video of a man drumming outdoor with a band. They are playing on a small street with people looking on. It is a three piece band. There are shots of the crowd and of the instruments as the band is playing.
Video of a person playing with a cat, The cat is visibly irritated as with the toy being paraded in front of it. The cat is indoors and jumping around on a sofa.
Static image video of a song with the cover art being shown. A man in a blue coat and some text in what looks like Spanish is shown.
A house with a garden and a bridge in its front lawn. A woman talks. We are guided through the interior of the house. kitchen, bedrooms, bathrooms, walk in closet, gym, and so forth.
Explanation of the Bernoulli effect. The person explains how this effect creates lift in airplane wings. He blows on a piece of paper to demonstrate the effect. Airfoils are also reversed in formula one cars to push the car into the ground.
Child rolling matchbox cars down a tilted cardboard box and saying crash each time. It appears to be Christmas time
Video of a website on a computer monitor. The website has a marijuana leaf on the left side. The website explains a technique called hug power, which is used to keep people from being arrested by the police.
People cooking. Waitress delivering food. Customers holding up their food and saying Now that's what I'm talking about . 
Two kittens are playing. One of them keeps biting the other. There are also other kittens drinking milk from their mom.
This is an instructional video about how to bypass a PayPal order. The steps are described with the text written on Notepad. Then the steps are shown in process on the screen.
There is a group of people on the stage for a question answer session. The host is taking questions from the audience. The people on stage stand up and applaud the person asking the question.
This is a call for Australians to join the Census organized by the Australian government and to mark the no religion option. The concerns about same sex marriage, medicare and the money spent on placing Evangelists in public schools are being raised to point out the need for taking the religion out of politics. 
The video is showing how to prepare olive oil infused with herbs. It shows the ingredients required for the process and the step by step instructions. First it tells to mix the olive oil and the trim, then to mash a little and simmer on low heat for about an hour. Then it shows how to strain the trim from the olive oil. It shows how to lift the top layer off after the mixture stays in fridge.
This is a lecture video showing the trade of the day. It gives information about how much gross money is made with 300 dollars of risk. An analysis of the stock is made on the chart. The video is also advertising Pristine Trading school.
This is a rap music video. People are dancing and drinking. There are many scenes focusing on the money bills held by the rappers as a reference to the song's title.
A rock band is making live music on an indoor stage. One of the members is playing the drums, three of them are playing the guitar and the vocalist is singing.
This is a video about the streets of Hanoi which is influenced by the French architectural design. There is a heavy traffic of motorcycles and bikes. There are small streets and various small shops. There are also many street vendors keeping the native culture alive by selling their agricultural produce. It also shows cultural spots and landmarks of Hanoi.
a man is standing and starts speaking .he is probably in the studio with a blue background in the back. 
a man sitting in a chair,works on his computer.then he rest for some time and the starts typing vigorously and violently.
there are two girls in their bedroom standing and talking to each other.one holding a book,she keeps on her head and start balancing. 
there are several people in the snow ,probably in a skiing resort.many people ski in the background as a person wearing complete ski gear dances in the foreground.
a man sitting before a table speaks.he is probably in a office.there is a girl standing in the backside,speaking with some one.
there are people working in the construction site.then a man teaches how to use a rope and can tie different kinds of knots.
there are few people roaming inside the forest.they start doing graffiti on the floor.and then start state boarding.
there are grapes hanging probably in a wine yard.the leaves start fluttering due to the breeze of air passing by.
a man starts speaking something.there are few men marching and few girls and boys walking in their uniform.then a women speaks about something.
there are two men sitting next to each other speaking about something.he then starts explaining by waving his hands .
a woman speaks with a microphone.it seems like she has started singing .she looks on all directions and points finger in few directions.he then open a paper ,sees it for the reference. 
someone travels with his two wheeler through some street.the street has houses on the both sides and few cars parked in front of them. 
a man rides a bicycle wearing a helmet.he then shows some paper in his hand and waves his hand to the people walking on the road.
a man wearing some sort of a hat on his head speaks with a microphone.he waves his hands and forms some structures using his hand to explain something.
here a man starts using his super power on to a women.she is thrown of.then there are few monsters who fight the people.
Indoor roller coaster. Dark room, flashing colored lights. People screaming. Metal structures flying past.
Girl wearing lipstick. Toothbrush show near mouth. Chapstick applied to lips. Lipstick applied. Brush used to touch up lipstick. More makeup applied around lips.
Pile of plastic filament for a 3D printer. 3D printer makes a phone case. It is quite flexible. Man stretching green filament. Man bends more 3D printed phone cases.
A man drives a car at high speed through a parking lot that has been filled with traffic cones, presumably to create an obstacle course. The camera appears to be anchored outside and behind the driver's side window of the car.
The video shows a rock concert, from the middle of the crowd. Multicolored lights especially red and yellow flash repeatedly from the stage. Early on a few people can be seen crowd surfing. 
The video shows a screen capture from someone's computer, while the user performs various file operations. There is a voice over in French that presumably describes what the user is doing and why.
This video shows a sequence of photos possibly all of various celebrities with a voice over from a radio show talking about getting a charity in order to get connected. 
This video shows a pseudo motion closeup of an elderly man's face, with one side extremely wrinkled and saggy. A voice over describes this in clinical terms and explains that it is caused by long term sun exposure, while dramatic music plays.
A man plays two different electric guitars, each of them first without, and then with, a vibrato setting controlled by an attached device. 
This is a Minecraft video, in which the player interacts with several monsters sitting in a water filled pit. The monsters do not attack him initially, but they explode when he gets near them.
The video shows a bottle of some sort of lotion from various angles. The bottle has both English and Korean text on it. At the end of the video, a person squeezes out some of the lotion and spreads it on his or her skin.
A black iPhone with some sort of custom decoration on it rotates in the middle of the screen against a red and black background.
A man talks to the camera and then demonstrates some golf techniques, with lines and other graphics appearing on the screen to show angles and movements. All text and speech are in French.
Remote control Formula 1 race car with a GoPro camera attached. Video is of driving around a race track.
Four moose standing together on a snow covered path in a forest. One starts trotting down the path, the others follow. The moose walk away.
An aircraft carrier catapult launches an unmanned stealth aircraft from its deck. There are lots of people standing on the deck.
Parody video about stuff one specific group of people say. A man in the video says stuff at multiple locations. He is in front of a car, a barn and a house. He is outdoors.
Video of a man swimming with a dolphin. The camera is on his head. They are outdoors, probably a beach with an area cordoned off. Multiple people look on as he tries to touch the animal. He swims underwater in a few shots. There are several trainers with him.
Instruction video about removing a car stuck in the snow. The car is outside and the front wheel is stuck. A man places a plastic plank under the wheel that provides the friction to get the car out. He then places it in the trunk and drives away.
Slow motion video of dirt bike jumping a ramp on an outdoor race track. The biker is wearing a green jersey and moving away from the camera.
Video of a man selling a gun to a woman. The faces are not shown but the man makes the sales over a table with red cloth. He first shows off the gun and then puts it in a box after making the sale. The woman carries the box away. The woman has a bag with her.
Video of an Asian boy playing an acoustic guitar and singing. He is indoor and sitting down. He is moving around in place.
Video of a beach. The video consist entirely of the ocean waves striking the beach. The sky has scattered clouds.
Video of game play from Prince of Persia The prince runs around evading death traps. At one point he falls and uses the sand dagger to reverse time. He is about to finish the level, with a cut scene ending the video.
Video of a static image in loop. The image is two concentric circles separated by stars. The circles themselves are composed of two concentric circles of small separation. There is some text written within the smallest circle.
Video of a static image being played in loop. The images has some text in large front at the top and a composite image of several periodic signals below it.
This is an advertisement for some sort of industrial equipment, perhaps printing press equipment. There are many spherical drum pieces of equipment in the machinery. The machinery is very brightly colored in greens and yellows.
This is a video playing a song from the chamber brothers band, but it is primarily just the audio and one painting of the band shows up in the beginning.
This is an advertisement for a pizzeria and italian restaurant. They show people eating at a dinner table in a restaurant and a waiter brings out a hot pizza to them.
A bagpipe band plays music on a city street with many passersby looking in. Many people are wearing green so this is probably St. Patrick's Day in the US somewhere. The bagpipers are wearing traditional scottish irish plaid that is red and green. One player is wearing a funny tall green hat!
Baby with blond curly hair laughing and playing with a pen. She has something on her face. She is wearing a tie dye shirt.
Two cats playing with a toy. The toy is a channel in the shape of a figure eight which balls can roll through. The cats are pushing the balls through the toy.
Some kind of video or animation playing on the screen of a windows phone. The windows phone is sitting on a counter top.
Two slices of bread, two slices of cheese, and butter on a plate. A man spreads the butter on the bread. He then puts the cheese on the bread, and puts the two halves together. He fries the sandwich, and makes grilled cheese.
Soldering iron on a green table. A spool of solder lies next to it. The man shows how to use the soldering iron to create a model railroad track.
here a man starts using his super power on to a women.she is thrown of.then there are few monsters who fight the people.
This is a video of a man staring into the camera and playing a harmonica like musical instrument. He is wearing a blue shirt and has glasses.
There is a music concert with a band on stage and someone is trying to crowd surf on the right side. Some cameramen are in front and shooting photos of the band and the crowd. There is a gorilla on stage a man in a gorilla concert . The crowd is jumping up and down.
The camera is slow panning around a big gun. it's probably an assault rifle of some sort and there is a white man in camouflage holding it. He loads a cartridge into part of the gun and fires it.
This is a tutorial about how to find your cards in a web based card management system. The video has mostly screenshots of the website.
There are colorful flowers, wood carvings, glass birds and other pretty visuals in this ad about a florist.
This short video has an example of how to make a lever in the minecraft video game. The rest of the video is just a single page showing other similar tutorial videos.
This is a minecraft tutorial about how to get apples to fall out of a tree. The video has the first person player walking up the tree and repeatedly hitting it with his hand.
There are words on the screen that are the lyrics to a song a woman is singing. The language is spanish or portugese.
This tutorial shows a canon camera. The man detaches the viewfinder on the camera and then attaches a rubber piece from the camera strap to the location. He tells us that the reason he did this is to avoid any extra light from entering the camera during extended exposure shots.
A man in a red shirt lights a light bulb that sits on the top of a small blue table. He talks straight into the camera and manipulates the light bulb. Then the video shows illustrations about the filament inside of the lightbulb. Further illustrations go through the steps invented by William Coolidge to make tungsten filaments. He lights the bulb without the glass shell and it burned.
There is a man in a blue shirt looking at the camera and talking. He is gesticulating while he talks. He is talking about automated towel dispensers in bathrooms. A man demonstrates how the towel dispenser works.
There are french words on the screen for a while. Then there are police men and women in bright green vests walking in a city crowd. One policeman talks straight to the cameraman but then the video is wild the camera probably got thrown down and more words are on the screen.
A first person view of a snowboarder from his helmet. People all around him are skiing and snowboarding. There are trees and mountains in the background. There is a clear blue sky and occasionally the camera looks at the sun. The snowboarders shadow can be seen in the snow. They get to the bottom and there are buildings and a chairlift. People are standing around.
Dogs are being trimmed and groomed. People are standing around and taking care of the dogs. The video switches to the dogs in a showroom with a lot of formally dressed people around them.
Music plays. A picture displays with text on the top and bottom. There is a man in armour and a burning flag left of him. The background consists of a broken down building and smoke.
Two women play flutes in a dining room. There are large windows and a table and chairs behind them. To the right a man sits in a chair and a dog walks around next to him. There is a stone fireplace to the right. To the left there is a fern in a pot.
A cartoon duck dances on grass in front of a pond with trees in the background. The duck sings a song and lyrics appear below. A man appears and plays a trumpet. Children run around him in a circle and then sing to the song.
A cement wall has black metal bars in front of it. The metal bars are part of a weight set. A man walks over and squats the weights. Another man is spotting him. The puts the weight back on the metal bars and steps away.
A huge screen displays neon visuals behind a stage. There is a building to the right and lights below the screen. Music plays in sync with the visuals.
A woman sits in a small room and talks to the camera. She shakes her hands as she talks, then picks up a magazine and holds it up to the camera. There is some kind of cloth hanging to her right and a door behind her. The camera switches to pictures of food, then back to the girl.
A woman sits and talks to the camera. She shows a video of a messy room with clothes everywhere. She then shows short clips of her doing weird things. There are dogs that she holds and she puts food on her face.
A computer voice talks about an investigation while scrolling through a website. There is are pictures of faces and text on the website.
A first person view of a drum set can be seen. A person plays the drum set to a song that is playing. Only his arms and the drum sticks can be seen.
A woman sits on a sled with a little girl in between her legs. There is a sign and another person with a sled behind them. They slide down the hill and scream as they do.
The neck of a guitar and some guitar pedals can be seen. A person plays the guitar and his left hand can be seen on the neck of the guitar.
People stand in a club with bright red lights behind them. The rap into microphones to music that is playing. There is a DJ behind them with headphones on.
A video displays a room with posters on the walls and a chair in the middle of it. A man walks in and picks up a guitar that's on the bed. He is wearing a cowboy hat. The plays a song on the guitar and sings.
A man sits in a room holding a guitar. He plays a classical style song on the guitar. There is a picture on the wall behind him and a dresser to the right.
A band on a stage plays music. There is a man on piano to the left and percussionists behind him. A man plays keyboard to the right. There are people playing stringed and horn instruments behind him. The scene changes and people are playing string instruments while reading music in front of them. The scene changes back to the original view.
A man in scrubs stands in front of a a whiteboard with writing on it. He steps to the side and reads from the board. He talks about his program and gestures his hands while he does.
A girl walks onto a stage holding a guitar. A man walks up and sets up a microphone in front of the guitar. A boy walks up and puts a microphone in front of the girl. She plays the guitar and sings into the microphone.
Text moves onto the screen. Cartoons of people appear and text moves around the screen while a woman reads the text. Graphs and images appear on the screen as well.
5 guys stand in front of a pink wall with white doors on either side. They dance to choreography in sync with each other They are wearing matching clothing and sunglasses.
A man stands next to a hydroponic system. He talks to the camera and moves his hands around. There is text along the bottom of the screen.
A mans face looks at the camera and he talks. He faces the camera towards a car and moves around it while showing features of the car. There are cars, trees and road signs in the background. The car door opens and the camera views features inside the car.
Four pieces of paper rest on a carpet with dog treats on them. A dog walks up and eats the treats. A hand grabs the piece of paper under the first treat that the dog ate and turns it around. There is a name written on the paper.
A screen on a tablet is displayed with a birds eye view of a stadium and some houses. A hand moves a green crosshair and moves it around the screen over different buildings.
Three phones rest on a table. A woman's hands scroll the leftmost phone and zoom in on the site. She repeats the demonstration for the middle phone, then the rightmost phone.
A first view of a car driving down a highway on a snowy day. There are trees and other cars and telephone wires in the background. Text displays around the screen. A car swerves and drives off of the road.
A woman sits in a chair and plays a guitar. There is a microphone in front of the guitar. In the background there are lamps as well as a picture and a small table. To the left you can see part of a brick fireplace.
A mans zoomed in face talks to the camera. There are hanging clothes and boxes in the background. He shakes his head around while talking.
There is a man standing inside a workshop or factory with lots of machinery around. He is cleaning one of the machines with a red cloth. The machine has a conveyer belt which is rolling slowly. Then there is a cloth on the conveyer belt of the machine.
This is an outdoor scene with lots of people on the side of the street . Suddenly some people from the crowd start dancing. After sometime more people join in and start dancing in a choreographed manner. It is a flash mob dancing. In the end people stop dancing and disperse.
It is demonstration of an app called whonear on a smartphone.The person giving demo searches for friends nearby his location on this app. He then types something into this app.
This is an instructional video for rock climbing. A man speaks about rock climbing. There is an indoor practice wall for rock climbing. That man starts climbing the wall. He the again shows the different kind of protrusions on the wall and explains something about them.
This is a video of a skate boarding. The skateboarder tries to skate on a railing but keeps failing every time. In the last three attempts he falls on his back while trying to attempt this.
This video shows a demo of a hair shaving razor for dogs. First this demo of razor is shown on a white dog, then on a golden retriever and finally on a german shepherd.
A man gets down from a truck infront of a house. He has a black bag in his hand. He then walks up to the house and rings the bell. A woman opens the door . She has a small dog in here hand. The man shows her his card.
A man is talking . Then there are some cleaning brushes and clothes for wiping. The man starts cleaning an old and rusted iron grill using those brushes and clothes.
A man is talking sitting on road in front of a car. The car has flat tyre. He uses a jack to lift the car from one side and then opens the bolts of the tyre using a wrench. He then shows something on the structure to which tyre was fitted.
The video starts with a woman using a washing machine and a refrigerator. Then there is another woman who looks like an electrician. She walks in a shop filled with electrical appliances. Then there is a woman using vacuum cleaner and microwave. The electrician woman then goes to various houses and repairs electrical appliances there.
A man is sitting and talking to the camera. There is a white color screen behind him with a projection of windows media player.
This is an animated video of a skateboarder. The skateboarder does some skating outdoors then tries to ambush multiple people with the skateboard. He wails most of the times but succeeds couple of times. This looks like some video game.
A crowd of people march in a parade. Many of them carry signs. A news reporter sits in a room with large pictures being displayed behind her. Another news reporter stands on a sidewalk and talks into a microphone. People are interviewed, typically with crowds behind them. A police car drives by.
A woman stands in a kitchen behind the counter. In front of here is a baguette as well as some bottles and containers. The camera zooms in on the baguette and she spreads a condiment on the bread. There is a refrigerator and a door behind her. She continues to add food to the baguette to make it a sandwich.
Two small kids walk around an empty room. They play hide and seek. The boy puts his head against the wall and counts. The girl goes in the corner of the room and kneels down on the floor.
A woman sits on the ground with two puppies. The one two the right is chewing on something. The woman bounces the ball and rolls it towards the other dog. There is a table with books on it behind them. The dogs stand up and walk around the room. They jump on the couch and sit on it. There are televisions and chairs behind them.
Parade marches through a crowd of people. The parade consists of people in bright yellow uniforms and large red double deck buses. A group of people stands together. One of them holds up a trophy. Another holds a microphone and talks. He hands the microphone to another man who talks to a crowd.
People sit in a car. There is a computer in the passengers seat. The driver presses a key on the computer keyboard and the car starts driving itself. The car drives around a parking lot between traffic cones.
A person wearing black colour dress and white mask is chasing a dog with a knife. The person then play fights with the dog. The dog walks on two legs and jumps over the man. Then they again start play fighting. In the end the person falls down on the ground and the dog picks the knife with its mouth.
A man goes rod fishing off of a boat, and then demonstrates how to use a net to scoop up a hooked fish.
A chinchilla plays with and nibbles on a small plush tiger toy. A person's hand hovers nearby, and periodically reaches in to pet the chinchilla.
A man demonstrate the steps to replacing a flat tire, highlighting both proper safety procedures and the required tools.
A woman from the audience speaks at some sort of political rally possibly in Jamaica, judging by the accents . After the woman is finished, the politician at the front of the meeting room also speaks for a while.
A woman demonstrates how to make an Italian submarine sandwich using baguette bread, deli meat, cheese, and assorted vegetables.
A man goes fly fishing off the front of a boat. At one point he stops to demonstrate and explain how to bring in a fish without the risk of breaking the fishing rod.
A man speaks at some sort of community or religious gathering, encouraging the audience to become more involved in reducing crime in their community.
A woman explains and demonstrates how to change a tire, discussing safety procedures and how to use the needed tools.
A man explains how to get a car unstuck, after the wheels have gotten stuck in mud or snow. His explanation is interspersed with clips of a car demonstrating his described technique.
This video from Reuters News Agency is showing a protest. The protesters are blocking the way of a vehicle and shouting. There are ambulances for the wounded people.
A woman demonstrates how to place a cam
A woman is showing how to make a special sandwich. She butters the whole grain bread and puts it on the grill. She spreads Russian dressing on the bread. She puts corned beef on the grill and adds salad and a slice of Swiss cheese.
This is a clip from a 3D animated children's show, showing various young girls interacting with small dogs. The characters and scenery are stylized and unrealistically colorful.
A guy is trying to make a flip with the skateboard at a parking lot but keeps failing. His friends recording the video are laughing at his failed attempts.
This is a recording from a video game with simple black and white graphics in which the player attempts to navigate a 2 dimensional obstacle course by doing various tricks and maneuvers on a bike.
This video shows a boy repeatedly attempting a skateboard trick and failing. He is practicing inside a garage, and a car can be seen in the background.
This video is a screen capture from a computer, in which the user demonstrates how to use some sort of graphics program to fill an arbitrary shape with text. A voice over narrates and explains what the user is doing.
The video shows pictures of a cavity in the wall and bees around the cavity. The woman speaking explains that the cavity has a bee nest in it. She talks about how the bees used the panel in the wall as a bee nest and how they got rid of the bees with the help of the real estate.
This is an advertisement for the Florida Institute of Animal Arts. A voice over extols the benefits of the program
This is an advertisement for some sort of pet grooming service. The video shows a sequence of short, stylized, semi animated clips of a dog being cleaned.
Two men are fishing in a small boat. Initially the two of them are busy maneuvering around each other while trying not to tip the boat over. Once they are in position, one of them holds the rod, while the other grabs the fish in a net.
This is a news clip in which a woman asks a question at a U.S. political meeting that compares health care reform to to Nazism, and a senator responds by berating her, to cheers from the audience.
This video provides various advice on how parents can get their kids to do their homework. While the voice over provides explanation, the video shows various humorous examples of how to follow, or not follow, the advice.
This is an advertisement for a dog resort in Las Vegas. The video shows a woman speaking to the camera explaining the various facilities and dog care services available at the resort
Video of an angler at a stream, fishing. He is in ankle deep water, with water gear. He catches a fish and presents it to the camera. He has a fishing rod in the other hand.
Video of a little girl going about her life. In one scene she is shown drawing, in another writing. At both times her mother joins the scene, either putting her to bed or getting her to school.
Video of a Korean artist singing. Multiple performers are dancing with her. They are wearing black and gold costumes. The group is shown from multiple angles. The crowd is very briefly shown. They end in a centre formation.
News clip from a news show. A presenter cuts to multiple shots of building, food packaging, a woman in a blue top and a graphic that features a couple of dogs. The story itself is about dog food.
Video of a guy setting up a drum kit. He tests out the surfaces. An interview is now being conducted of him. He talks into the camera. At one point her meets people. There are shots of him playing. He is keep track of his practise, writing on a white board. His crew are shown, helping him outside the studio. He is also loading equipment into a van.
Video of a man brushing his cat. The cat is enjoying it. The entire cat is not shown at all times. A couple of shots has the cat trying to lick the camera. The video is mostly about the cat's ears.
Video of Chinese artifacts. The artifacts are presented as a single image, as a slide show. Numerous objects are shown. Several animals, people, furniture and objects like the statue of a high priest from a Chinese Dynasty.
This is a slide show listing describing various aspects of air conditioning installation and repair and advertising a particular air conditioning repair company.
A man describes and demonstrates some very basic tips for rock climbing, such as relying on legs rather than arms whenever possible.
This is an advertisement for an appliance repair company. It shows the company's vehicles driving around a suburban area, along with a number of shots of employees interacting with customers and the types of things the company can repair.
This is a news clip discussing a dog show, showing many dogs competing in the show, as well as interviews with some of the judges and dog owners. The narrator provides some general explanation about the contests.
A young man describes and demonstrates how to find a hiking shoe with a good fit. He can be seen putting on hiking boots, lacing them, and walking around in them.
This is an advertisement for an online course that teaches people how to convert old clothes into more useful items. The video primarily shows one woman sewing and handling fabric in various ways.
A man lays down a vinyl floor. He can be seen unwrapping stretches of flooring, fastening them in place, and measuring and cutting them when necessary.
This video demonstrates how to create rock art by filling a picture frame with a densely packed pattern of rocks
This video shows a boy repeatedly attempting a skateboard trick in a closed garage. After many tries, he finally succeeds at the end of the video.
A professionally produced wedding video, showing a series of scenes from a couple's wedding day edited together to show the entire sequence of events in a few minutes.
This is an advertisement for a pet grooming tool that attaches to a vacuum cleaner and allows the user to safely vacuum stray hair directly off the pet. The video shows various shots of people vacuuming pet hair off of their floors and furniture, as well as someone using the attachment to vacuum his or her dog.
A man explains and demonstrates the use of a tool for detaching a tire from a rim. This involves using the tool plus a long metal bar for leverage to anchor the wheel in place and force the tire down off of the rim.
This video shows some sort of outdoor social gathering, and includes both video and pseudo motion still shots of various people at the gathering. It is implied that this is some sort of a farewell party.
A man gives advice on throwing a good birthday party. He covers the various aspects of party planning, including entertainment and food. The video mostly consists of him talking to the camera against various backgrounds, intercut with various pseudo motion stills from parties.
A woman talks to the camera, discussing how to make a pocket organizer basically just a stretch of fabric with pockets and various decorations sewn into it.
A man explains and demonstrates the use of a bead breaker.
This is a short video of a man on a small boat catching a fish while the other men in the boat cheer.
This is video from a nighttime drag racing gathering. A large group of people mill about, and eventually two cars race each other down a street. At the far end of the street, one of the cars flips over.
This is a pseudo motion slideshow of various dogs, possibly taken from a dog show. The dogs are from a wide variety of breeds. There is no sound or narration.
This is slide show of shots from an old house. A woman provides a voice over talking about the asbestos in the house and how she had it removed.
A boy is on a skateboard and he does a rail slide. He is elated when he finished the trick. The background is a cluttered garage or warehouse. you see a race car in the background.
This is an instructional video showing examples of directional relationships. A bunny drawing and red cube are used to show the examples. The specific behind, in front, in, next to, above, between, under, on, forward, backward, over. The video repeats itself twice.
This is an advertisement slideshow for a woodwoorking lesson from Ted's Woodworking . No video examples are shown but some images of bookshelves and other similar things are shown. 
This is an advertisement for a place to have a birthday part. A young kid narrates all of the fun things that can be done at a birthday party. Then you see examples of birthday parties at the farm. There was even a bunny rabbit being held by the kids and then a petting zoo with goats and a zebra. The kids fed the animals with bottles of milk and rode ponies.
A man describes how to take the door off of an oven. The oven is black and silver. You see his hands manipulating pieces on the door and the door itself to take it off.
A woman demonstrates how to decorate a used mint tin to for use as a gift box or storage box. She puts purple and blue flower on it.
A husky is being groomed in the beginning of the video. The rest of the video describes how dogs are handled in an expensive hotel. Dog owners are being interviewed, dogs are being groomed and walked through the hotel. Even a dog is running on a treadmill.
A white dump truck backs up on a lawn. The men hitch a red sports car to the truck, and then the pull the car out of the mud.
An advertisement slideshow for an appliance repair shop. Images are workmen repairing appliances and of many appliances are shown.
This is a town hall meeting video of police officers. Many men and women with microphones are talking. There are also shots of police officers interacting with kids and with other citizens. They show the SWAT team talking to some boys.
Girl wearing a bunch of different colored bracelets. She shows how to make them by braiding ropes, and incorporating nuts into the weave.
Person writing with a sharpie marker. Asks if your refrigerator, drier, or air conditioner is malfunctioning. It is an advertisement for All City Appliances, which repairs appliances.
Cars parked, people walking around on the grass. It is a nice sunny day. Dogs, lying on blankets and in cages. People walking and petting their dogs. Lady combing her dog. It is a dog show.
Picture of a floor. Demonstration of a flooring product called allure. It is a vinyl floor which looks like hardwood. Demonstration how to install the floor.
Music playing. There is a picture in the background which is probably cover art. It shows a woman covering her eyes with her hands. Over one hand there is a picture of an eye, over the other a picture of pizza. It is titled Kenzie May, hide & seek.
Video a performance in a restaurant. They are acting out a traditional Chinese wedding. A woman is wearing a pink dress and cloth over her head. A man is wearing red robes. Each is holding one end of a knotted red sheet.
Man doing parkour. He climbs a pole. He jumps across to a concrete wall. He is doing parkour. There are are lots of precision jumps, monkey vaults, and climbing. 
A parade. Men in suits, women in colorful dresses and enormous crazy hats. A marching band playing. Women twirling batons.
Advertisement of an appliance repair store. Pictures of a kitchen, and the various appliances in the kitchen. 
People standing in a circle in a mall food court. They are each beating a drum as they bounce with their knees, up and down.
Driving down a road. He is driving on the left. It is a rural neighborhood, lots of trees and foliage.
Person taping the top of a coffee cup. Architect drawing on a drafting table. Person working on a CAD drawing. 3D printed parts being cleaned. Model of a race car in a wind tunnel. Carbon fiber parts being created. Carbon fiber parts being destroyed. Gears. A finished race car.
Man standing next to a car parked off road. Man talking about how to go off road in vehicles which are not equipped to do so. A car jack.
Race car accelerating into a racing track. Camera follows the car as it goes around the track. It is joined by several other cars.
Music video. Starts with a picture of cover art. Proceeds to display words on the screen in time with the lyrics in the song. The song is Somebody that I used to know by Mayday Parade. 
Group of casually dressed girls dancing on a wet stage in an urban area. People are holding umbrellas.
Man with moderately long hair talking about starting a woodworking business. Pictures of wooden furniture and fences.
Man standing among a a bunch of seated people. He is waving a piece of paper and yelling. Police officers are approaching him from behind, while a man in a suit asks them repeatedly to wait a minute . The angry man proceeds to tell off the man in the suit for being corrupt. 
A man tries to remove the tire from the rim using his tools.he initially pours some liquid to loosen the rim from the tire and then uses some tools to force the tire to come out.
An old bathroom. Worker removes the toilet, vacuums, and scrapes anything sticking up. New flooring is put down.
TV program showing wedding proposals gone wrong. Women saying no on live TV, in front of stadiums, food courts, and other public spaces.
here a man tries to fit the tire to the rim in his garage probably.he initially wipes some grease on the edges of the tire and then fits the rim into the tire using a rod and then he uses the same road to remove it back.
Movie trailer style video made by high school girls in their school. They are running away from something. There is creepy music. Hands slide down glass.
Parkour and freerunning video. Lots of flips, massive leaps, and jumping. Handstand on a hand rail. Parkour rolls.
here a woman prepares a sandwich using some ingredients like canned tuna,lettuce,light mayonnaise and onions.she adds mashed tuna and some onions and light mayonnaise.then she toasts the bred and spread some butter .she spreads the tuna mixture and decorates with lettuce leaves on the top.
Couple getting married. People lip syncing and dancing to the song Don't stop believing . Bride and groom join in on the dancing. 
there are many people sitting in groups in a restaurant and eating the food served there.then there is a mobile kitchen in again serving food.where people are standing in the queue ,waiting to give order and ready to be served.
Crowd of people standing around talking in an urban space. Many are holding sheets of paper.
Boys pushing a car that got stuck in the snow. They have to push it all the way up a hill. A girl is standing nearby with a shovel.
Family doing a penny floor. They are taking pennies and lying them individually next to each other so as to fill up the entire floor space. They cover the floor and fill in the gaps with resin.
Cutting notches out of a thin strip wood with a table saw. A rig is used to maintain the proper positioning and spacing of all the notches.
Social mobile app on a windows smart phone called WhoNear. It has a photo editor, lets you post status updates, and more.
Man fishing while another man stands by the water without a shirt on. The fishing man successfully catches something. Several other people walk over.
Five men and one woman sitting at a table on a stage, all wearing suits. One of the men is speaking about politics.
Woman bringing a dog into a vet. The dog is jumping around, excited. People holding dogs steady. A woman at a microphone. Shelves of medicine. 
someone is feeding the alligator.they use a stick with meat on its end and insert the stick into the cage.its tries to eat and then misses.
Tutorial of how to replace the start relay on a refrigerator. This repair is supposed to be easy and take 15 minutes. The back cover is removed, the repair is done, then the back cover is screwed back into place.
Person does an Ollie on a skateboard in a room with dirty floors. There is a stroller against the back wall.
Dog trick performance. A treat is placed on the floor, but the dog is made to wait a long time before eating it. It is even asked to back off and turn around. The dog is then asked math questions, and gives the answers by taping its paw.
she tries to prepare the sandwich in different ways.she cuts the cheese ,and thick slices of bread and then add some butter into the pan and then she finds that when bread is placed on to the pan.it gets roasted.and cheese inside the bread do not melts as intended.but when she grates the cheese and add it in between the brad and spreads butter on the outer edge.the cheese sandwich is cooked perfect.
Mother talking about how she decorated a minnie mouse themed party. Little girl wearing minnie mouse ears and a pink polka dot dress at a party. Many other girls come to the party an put on accessories. Lots of minnie mouse themed decorations, like balloons and posters.
a woman dances along with her dog.they move in complete sync.the dog moves in between the legs of the woman and then they rotate round and the move away from each other.
a woman shows her stainless steel refrigerator.she holds a yellow colored towel and add some kind of cleaning solution on to it and wipes the whole stainless steel part of the fridge.
a boy starts speaking in his house and he winks .he starts studying by keeping his television on and watches television for some time.then again study and picks the phone ,talks for some time.now again study.he then stop studying and start using his computer.
a man driving a broken car.he moves front and back trying to balance the broken car on two wheels .he manages to balance for few seconds. and then moves round and round.
there are group of people all holding stick in their hand.probably all blind.they start dancing.one of the women in the first row sings and dances as the other follow the steps of the woman.
this is a birthday celebrations of a boy.their are lots of friend came to attend the party.they start with playing treasure hunt. then play a different game .then they blow the candles and eat some food.
Remix of the song Hide & Seek by Imogen Heap. There is a picture of a man with his hair slicked back, and his face half hidden in shadow, displayed on the screen.
Rock climbing tutorial. Woman asks a climber about what kind of pants to wear, what kind of shoes to wear, how to put on the harness, and so forth. The man ties the rope to her harness.
Newscaster reports on a city meeting which threw out a law restricting firearms. The crowd was thrilled and gave a standing ovation.
Man complains to Senator John McCain at a town hall meeting. He says people are not getting out of social security what they put into it. McCain calls him a jerk.
here man tries to fix his flooring,he takes a wooden plank ,carefully inserts into the edge of the floor and hits it with a hammer so that it gets inserted firmly.
Man explaining how to groom cats at an animal hospital. He sedates the cat. They put in eye drops so the cat's eyes don't dry out.
High heel shoes. Dressy, traditional clothes. Woman getting her hair done and makeup applied. Man talking, he shows a wedding ring to the camera. Wedding ceremony.
a massive crowd is probably waiting for some one.the arrives a man and and a woman completely secured around by people and his own body guards.these guards protect him from the crowd and helps to make his way towards a tower.
a man along with his child are fishing in a lake with shallow depth.man holds a net and the boy holds a fishing rod.the man waits for the fish and then catches the fish.he then shows to his child who tries to touch it and feel the fish.
Parkour video done by a stuntman. He does many stunts and gymnastics. For example, he jumps off a building, does a triple front flip off a trampoline, and flips over a moving car.
there are group of people riding motorcycles and doing stunts with it.a man tries to lift his front wheel.he could not balance and fell with his bike.
City streets. A mob of people come running and yelling around the corner. They make designs on the sidewalk, one in the shape of a coke bottle and one in the shape of a glass. They stand in the coke bottle and run into the glass, so it appears as if they are coca cola pouring out.
here there is a picture of set of teeth covered by some kind of support .because of this the teeth turns yellow around the support.so they use a special kind of brush to clean them and make them white and shinny again.
Marriage proposal video. The man plays a song. He has a bouquet of flowers. People dress up in costumes a animals. A girl dressed up as the sun. A baby dressed up as the moon. He presents a giant, tinfoil ring.
a woman tries to use a sledge. she stands on the sledge and slides on the snow.she manages to balance through some distance but crashes after some time.
Police car with a rocket engine in the back. The rocket engine spews fire down the track, leaving a cloud of smoke. The car races down the track.
there is a screen .which has a website on it.someone scrolls the website to the bottom and then up.he uses a pointer to click and the uses his hand to type something on the page.
here a man seems explaining how to use a fishing rod to a group of people.he asks one to them to hold the hook and he explains the way the rod has to be handled.
Girl has ring stuck on her finger. Friend helps get the ring off, but it flies away and rolls under the couch. He kneels down to get the ring from under the couch, when his girlfriend walks in and thinks that she is being proposed to.
Man shows how to change a tire on a car. He wears a pair of white gloves, jacks up the car, removes the lug nuts, takes the wheel off, puts the spare on, and tightens the lug nuts back up.
Video of a boy surfing on an indoor machine that generates waves. He is wearing blue shorts and a white shirt, and the ramp on which he is surfing is also blue. There are several persons looking on. There is a life guard wearing a white shirt and red shorts.
Video of a news item on TV. A man is being directed before he enters a large stadium. He holds a trophy in hand and waves it at the crowd. Hen then places the trophy on the ground before dancing around. he then moves to the centre of the stage and does the same. He continues dancing.
Parkour video of a man running around a college campus. He performs quite a number of actions from a height and therefore giving the illusion of awesomeness.
Video of a man riding his bicycle on a wall. He moves in one direction before turning around to perform the actual stunt. He is mostly sitting around waiting. He finally performs the stunt, jumping of the ledge with his bike. He hurts himself, in the kneecap.
Video of a DYI at home instructional that converts scrap cloth to a dress embellishment. The video focus on sewing the cloth into a fancy object that is sewed onto the garment.
Screencast of a low level maths problem for younger students. The software is demoed, showing its features. The video goes over the question and the answer.
Video of a news segment from the Discovery News show. The scenes are indoor and focus on a product processing plant. The food product is processed and stored in containers before being shipped. The food is for caged animals. The animals themselves are shown in the various shots eating the food. The video also features a man being interview about the factory.
Animated video of the characters '3D' being created. The characters are created in space from light that produces the effects of current following the paths traced out by the characters.
Video of several chefs learning from a master chef cooking. The event is being filmed in secret from two camera angels. The other chefs seem to know about the cameras. A man is about to propose to a woman. A third camera angle is now shown of a woman searching through the refrigerator. The camera itself is in the fridge. After she hears the news she beings to cry. The other women also being cry. They start celebrating after she accepts the proposal.
Music video featuring still album cover art. There are five men in the picture. Two of them look away from the camera. They all wear dark colours. Onei of them has a cowboy hat and is wearing sun glasses.
Video of a deer outside a house. The person filming the video is having the deer track them around a tree. The deer does not get tired of peeking around the tree and is aware of the person and looks at them. The deer is clearly dangerous.
Video of a little girl making a stop motion music video. The video is mostly of shots of her face but in several she appears to clap and tap her feet. The video is made from an app.
Music video of a girl band. They are waking around a city and are joined by backup dancers. The members are shown individually in several shots. For the most part they are on a boat sailing along the Thames, with shots of the Big Ben. They bowl at one point.
Video of a dirt bike performing on a track. The biker fails to complete his jump falling on his feet. He has enough kinetic energy not to hurt himself seriously, and is unscathed. The bike itself falls away from him.
Video of five men from the Indian subcontinent dancing and singing.They are mostly wearing white. one of them is wearing purple and another green. They are dancing on stage.
Video of a tape measure sitting in a room. the video rooms in on the tape, made of yellow. The walls of the room are shabby and it looks like a tool shop.
Video of three south Asian kids dancing. Several other people join them and they all dance. They dance the robot at one point. They mostly dance on the spot. A lot of people look on.
Video of a man talking into the camera. Between his head shots there is a high speed montage of him doing random stuff. The man talks about a lot of things to the camera, doing all sorts of stuff, including hold up a dog or books or a pair of clogs to the camera. At one point he even hold up an iPhone 3GS. He wears a suit to make a point.
Video of rescued dog getting a grooming. The dog is moved from the animal shelter indoors to a grooming facility. He is shown walking around most of the time being led by a trainer.
Instructional video presenting a tyre change. The man sets the parking brake, places a stone under the back wheel before setting up the spare tire. He places the lever under the war to raise it. He removes the spare and replaces it with the new one. He lowers the car before setting the flat tyre in the trunk. The car is red in colour and not fully shown.
Video for a best trick contest. A man runs with a surf board, skipping on the waves before falling on his feet in very shallow water. The video features multiple attempts of the man doing the same thing from many angles.
Video of a still image featuring cover art of the song being played. The image features a lone hand at the bottom and several hangs grasping another vertically at the top of the image. The images is mostly of dark tones and abstract graphics.
People are pushing a giant box up a hill on a road. A giant shoes as well as a parade comes out of the box and walks down the road. There are a lot of people cheering. A marching band plays, then a rock band performs. People on skateboards and bicycles do tricks. There are people dressed up as shoes and trees running around.
Video of a car driving around the city. The camera is at the front of the car and the car cannot be scene. The car drives around quite a bit. The video is about the streets of a particular city in England.
A hand draws images and text on the screen with a sharpy marker. The video is sped up. Music plays.
Video of a ninja doing ninja stuff around a campus. Sort of like a ninja parkour. He performs various stunts. He is shown practising his martial arts moves.
A girl is writing on a piece of paper over a textbook. There is a laptop and a lot of food on the desk that she is working at. The video transitions to a girl walking in a hallway. She goes outside and the sky some trees and buildings can be seen.
Video of a baby opossum being fed from a tube. A red tube is inserted into the animal before being fed. A person is holding the animal in their hand. 
A man stands in front of a blue screen and signs in American sign language while text displays below him. Another man and a woman also sign to the camera while a translator reads the text displayed below them.
here a man seems explaining how to use a fishing rod to a group of people.he asks one to them to hold the hook and he explains the way the rod has to be handled.
Video of a man selling a video CD on woodworking. he is sitting at his desk, talking about the material. He has an iMac at his desk. He is wearing red.
A woman stands up in an audience and speaks to a group of town representatives while holding a piece of paper. People cheer her on for what she is saying. The audience stands up and says the pledge of allegiance.
a kid tries to catch a fish.then a old man helps him to catch the fish and tells him some information about the fish he caught by turning it both sides.
a news reporter tell the news.then a man holding a a microphone in his hand speaks before a huge crowd.there are people asking questions to the man standing on the stage.
A man stands on the edge of a river. He is fly fishing. He talks about the technique he is executing while he pulls a fish towards himself. He picks up the fish in a net and then releases it into the river.
Video of a subway store advertisement. The man videos a discrepancy between whats being advertised and what actually serviced at a subway store. The man shows the entire process of the sub being created and then holds it up to the camera.
A man leans outside of the open door of an open race car while riding around an empty track. He climbs onto the roof of the car and then falls off. He chases the car until it crashes into a wall. The scene changes and a jeep is riding up a steep rock. The jeep falls backwards and rolls down the rock slope.
A young girl rides around in a circle on a carnival ride. The carnival ride has miniature cars for seats. People, trees, and an open grass field can be seen in the background. The ride slows down to a stop.
A group of people stand on a basketball court. A man with a microphone stands in front of them and talks. A girl in a basketball uniform is holding flowers. Her boyfriend walks onto the court and hands he flowers. He gets down on a knee and proposes to her.
A kid on a skateboard jumps off of some really large steps and does a trick. He successfully performs the trick but falls after he lands on the skateboard. The video shows three attempts.
Video of a man a man talking about creating objects out of brass sheets. He is a jewelry artist. The video shows him make the articles and talk about the process. He has a black apron on him.
there is a bulldozer clearing the snow.all the cars are covered with snow.a car is being pushed by two men on the road.a man wants to get his car onto the road but he could not.
Instructional video of a man teaching English grammar. He is in front of a white board, explaining. He is wearing a black sweater and grey khakis and is hooked up to a microphone.
A man in a hat talks to the camera in front of a rock with a sign on it. The video transitions to a scene of a massive rock. The video shows the man hiking up to the rock. There are many small rocks that he is hiking on and trees and grass in the background. He stands at the top and shows the view from there. There are mountains in the distance and a lake closer up.
Video of a large group of people singing in a circle at a mall. A man is being interviewed about it. The video is a video of the TV playing the clip. The video ends as the news story ends.
Video of a boy performing a stunt on his skate board. He is doing a backflip outdoor at multiple locations. He is wearing purple.
A couple poses for pictures at their wedding. They eat a cake and then dance together. It appears to be a wedding. They sit in large gold chairs and girls dance. The scene continues to change to different parts of the wedding. There are people eating and dancing and sitting.
Video of a man fishing at a lake. The video shows him reeling in a catch. They are at the side of a stream. The man presents the fish to the camera before releasing it back into the water. He then talks about it on camera.
A kid picks up a skateboard and does tricks off of a cement step. He tries the trick repeatedly until he succeeds. There are bushes in the foreground and background.
Video of a small camera making its way into a pipe. The walls of the pipe are grey. The camera reaches the end before being brought back up.
Video of an advertisement presenting tips to renovate a house. The video is mostly of graphic elements. Several images of people working are shown. Several shots have text being shown, they are headlines of what is being presented.
Some guys walk up to a cruise ship and run away from the security guards while performing flips and parkour tricks. They then sit on a beach and cheers their drinks.
News clip video of a news presenter presenting a story on indoor rock climbing. Several men are show climbing. A client and the owner are interviewed. The same man is shown climbing from multiple angels. There is one camera one him. The video even shows him climbing with a broken leg. The video ends with a reporter wrapping up the story.
A kid does tricks on a skateboard in slow motion. There are cars in the background as well as a tree. The side of a house can be seen on the left.
Video of a car driving around the streets of a city in England. The car is not seen from the camera. The car drives around in day light. The car stops for the red light at one point. The car drives mostly on streets with little traffic.
A man walks into a house and people scream Surprise! They all stand in a crowded room and a man in a gorilla suit runs in. They sing happy birthday and then watch a video of a soldier. The video ends and the gorilla reveals himself to be the soldier. 
A man stands in front of the camera and talks about animals. He holds a microphone and interview two girls. There are posters with text behind them.
Video of a man taking apart an alloy wheel. He is trying to remove the rubber from the metal. He is showing the use of several tools to help in the process. He is wearing red and black.
A girl pushes a piece of cloth into a sewing machine. The video zooms out and a number of girls can be seen sewing.
Video showing off a toy kit. The toy is a car launcher set. It is a unboxing video. The video shows all aspects of the toy, from multiple angles. The toy itself is mostly in red. The cars are shown and then launched.
A woman stands in a pet store and talks to the camera. There are a lot of colorful products on the wall behind her.
A kid on a bicycle tries to perform a trick while riding over a jump. He fails a number of times. There is a mattress behind the jump for him to land on. There are bushes in the background.
Video showing the installation of hardwood floors to a large ballroom. The video is a slideshow of images taken of the workers installing the floor. They then buff and polish the wood. The floor is then shown after the rest of the room is fixed.
Video of several kids performing stunts on their scooters. They are outdoor in a park. A boy does his stunt on a wooden desk before moving toward the camera and placing his hand on it. He is wearing mostly black.
There is a person or two standing against a wall. The scene is very dark, gray and black. The camera focuses in and out of the people.
A woman, man and his golden retriever doc are talking while sitting on brown couch. The woman is leading the conversation. They groom and brush the dog while talking.
A young girl is talking into the camera. She is wearing a blue sweatshirt. She shows the viewer an array of bags, pillowcases and other clothes that she has sewn. 
This tutorial describes the mini race cars called Micro Chargers. The track is a neon green yellow color and the cars are very small. Then he shows the cars racing around the track.
This is an invitation video for a town hall meeting. Clips from town hall meetings are shown, with the city hall building, groups of people sitting in chairs, people talking into microphones and on podiums.
This is a tutorial about how to change a tire. It lists the equipment needed. It steps through the process: turn on emergency break, put the roadside flares on, block the wheels with bricks or rocks, take photographs of the car and tire, remove lugnuts, place the jack, remove the flat tire, put the spare tire on and replace the lugnuts.
The video shows someone making an icecream sandwich out of play doh. The play doh is brown, pink, and green. He rolls is flat and cuts out heart shapes to form the sandwich and then depresses a checkerboard pattern into it for texture. Then, he makes two cherries on top.
Photos of boxer breed dogs are shown in cages, with their owners, and sitting in a field. It is a slideshow. Many dogs are in a line with their owners. it looks like a dog show.
Some children snowboarders are getting ready to go down a hill. One is wearing yellow ski pants. Then they launch down the hill, but the action is minimal. You can see someone holding a camcorder and video taping it.
Two people are talking to each other while driving down the road. They seem to be looking for a certain location. Then they park in a parking lot and the woman gets out of the car. She talks to someone who gives her instructions on what to do.
A man is demonstrating how to remove a tire from a rim. The tire is attached to a red device and he uses a long red crowbar like tool to pry the off the rim. 
A person is writing on a piece of paper lying in a textbook. He or she suddenly closes the book and flicks it off.
A group of students are sitting in a large classroom taking a test while music plays. As the music continues, students begin to stand up and start a synchronized dance routine. Eventually all the students are dancing. When the music ends, the students all sit back down.
A boy is performing various skateboard tricks with varying degrees of success in a suburban driveway.
This is an advertisement for a woodworking kit, containing blueprints and guides to various woodworking projects. The video begins with a pseudo motion slideshow of various blueprints and text, followed by a video of various wooden objects and woodworking processes.
A small, skinny cat is playing in a hallway, eventually wrapping itself in a floor mat at the end of the hall. A larger cat then comes over to investigate, and the small cat pounces on it, then chases it back down the hall.
This is an advertisement for a pet grooming salon. The video contains pseudo motion still shots of the salon area, as well as various dogs and employees.
This video demonstrates, and explains with overlaid text, how to make craft foam look like worked leather. The demonstrator uses the technique to create a set of fake leather bracers.
A man does various parkour tricks in a variety of settings while a voice over gives an inspirational speech and music plays. The video appears to be professionally shot and edited.
A band performs a mellow non English perhaps Hawaiian or Indonesian song in a club or theater of some sort. The lyrics appear on screen and are highlighted as they are sung.
A man does parkour around a large soviet era building in an otherwise rural area while trip hop music plays.
Stan Lee announces that he is going to parkour rather than taking his car, then a man dressed as Stan Lee does various parkour tricks around an American urban area, while rap music plays.
A man describes and demonstrates how to change the light switch in the door of a refrigerator.
This is an advertisement for an appliance repair company. There is no voice over, and the text and images appear to be drawn into the video by someone's hand at highly accelerated speed .
A group of people riding in a crowded train car spontaneously start singing, only to suddenly stop after a minute or so. A man then kneels and proposes to his girlfriend, after which the people resume singing and finish the song.
Two men standing in a classroom of some sort talk to the camera about a large upcoming religious gathering, and then discuss a planned flash mob associated with the gathering. The organization of the flash mob is diagrammed on a large piece of paper set up on an easel.
A man proposes to his girlfriend at some sort of family gathering. The video is set in a crowded living room, with additional people seen apparently teleconferencing in on a TV in the background.
This video is just a still image of an album cover called Mga Kuwento Ng Apo with a non English song playing in the background. 
This is a video from the video game Skyrim
A woman explains and demonstrates various stepping and balance exercises, interspersed with clips of her hiking and walking up and down stairs.
A woman talks to the camera, then shows how to draw something in this case the letter A to make it look like it was engraved. 
A piece of paper has a drawing of a five point star on it. There is a ruler and a pencil laying on the piece of paper. The star appears to have holes punched in it.
A kid picks up a skateboard and tries to do a trick in front of the camera. He tries twice and fails both times. He appears to be in a garage or a basement. There is a bicycle and fan as well as a folding chair and some boxes in the background.
Women are grooming a dog. They die the dogs tail pink and put clothing on it. The video transitions to different dogs being washed, trimmed and groomed. After the grooming the dogs are typically shown wearing some kind of clothing. The video changes to the inside of a store with dog clothing hanging on the walls.
A boy walks into a room wearing a a uniform. He starts singing while looking at the camera. He is now standing in a kitchen. The video transitions to an image of a piece of bread on a piece a plate and then cheese and lettuce are added to it. The boy is now playing a bass guitar and someone with drumsticks is playing behind him.
A first person view of a car driving. There are many other cars on the road. There are buildings, traffic lights and trees in the background. Some pedestrians cross the road in front of the car.
Short clips are shown of the inside and outside of a house. A man sits in a kitchen and talks. The camera continues to go through different rooms of the house. The man stands in front of the house and poses.
The video is of a television playing a show. A man stands in front of a group of people and talks. People are then shown in short clips talking to the camera. They are talking about Bigfoot sightings.
People sit in bleachers in a church. People walk down the center isle and go to the front where they sing. The bride comes in with a woman on her left and man to her right. The group of people in the front of the church continues to grow and they all sing.
Two men stand in a kitchen with food in front of them. The man on the right takes food items on the table and mixes them in a bowl to make mayonnaise. They make BLT sandwiches using the mayonnaise they just made.
A kid stands on the edge of a pond holding on to a rope. The video turns and a group of people close to the camera is standing and watching the kid with the rope. On the other side of the pond a truck is tied to the other side of the rope. The truck drives forward and the rope breaks.
Two men stand in front of a water tank with a polar bear swimming around in it. The men point at the polar bear. A rock falls from the inside of the tank and hits and cracks the glass. The men run out of the room.
A crowd of people stands around a group of race cars. The cars rev their engines and then take off down the road. The video shows clips of the drivers inside the cars. One of the drivers has a computer inside his car. The green car starts smoking and then spics around and stops.
Music plays and pictures are shown of groups of people. They appear to be dancing to a DJ. More pictures are shown of a concert stage in the dark and a massive crowd of people dancing to the music.
A man sits in a chair in front of a crowd. There is a television screen behind him with a night scene with snow coming down. Lights shine on the man and he sings to the crowd. He stands up and walks in front of a microphone and then sings into it.
Woman showing a man how to secure a racing tire onto a race car with a drill. The man is wearing a sleeve less shirt, and the woman is in a dress.
Boy attempts kick flips on a skate board. He fails repeatedly. and never manages to do the trick successfully.
Crowds of people sit and stand in a stadium with dogs. A man talks to the camera, then he walks around the crowd and interviews people. He pets the dogs and asks people about them.
A computer screen shows a person using a development software. A person sets up files and writes code while instructions display along the bottom of the screen.
Image of sliced bread. Bread making machine. Woman pours water, sugar, yeast, vegetable oil, and flour to the machine. The machine is turned on and makes a loaf of bread.
A picture displays with text to the left of the screen and on the right a man leans his face against a dead person's hand. Music plays.
Music plays while slides display on the screen. Text appears with titles and bullets. The slides transition.
A woman stands in front of a car with some tools on the ground near her. She uses the tools to remove the back tire from the car. She then puts the spare tire on the car.
A woman sits in a chair and talks to the camera. There are bricks behind her and a sign to her left with text on it. She gestures with her hands while talking.
Woman shows you how to make home made jewelry. She sits at a table covered in beads, thread, rope, and little chains. She threads beads onto the chain to make a bracelet.
Man doing parkour. Man does flips, climbs walls, jumps across tables, slides down a railing, runs through a forest, does a handspring, precision jumps, and vaults.
A teenage boy talks to the camera and then climbs an indoor rock climbing wall. There are other walls in the background with various rock climbing people. The video switches to other various people climbing on indoor rock walls.
A crowd of people collectively lay down on the ground. This is a planking flashmob . Many people and cameramen surround them in the background observing. 
This is an advertisement for an expo. There is a man talking to a puppet in a modified video shows edges . they are talking to the camera. Then a man lights firecrackers on his body on the stage. The end of the video gives directions via a slideshow on how to get there.
This video describes a particular type of commodity hardwood flooring. It is lock and fit type of flooring. Many pieces of hardwood floor are shown being installed during the video. Then a website is shown with a man talking in the bottom left corner.
Batman is on the left and a crowd of kids is on the right. Batman is teaching the kids how to punch and kick while wild music is playing in the background. The kids are doing everything batman does. The batman sets up a pinata and the kids hit it with a bat, one by one. It seems this is an advertisment for a batman character to host little kids birthday parties.
A man is very happy as he fishes off a ricky cliff. He is explaining how to land a big fish. A second man is also there to help. He reels and reels and then the fish surfaces and the second man stakes it. They show the fish to the camera.
People are singing in unison on stage. It seems to be a Broadway performance. The actors and actresses act out scenes while an audience watches. Then one of the actors make a wedding proposal to a woman in the front row of the stage. Everyone claps.
There is a little brown dog in a bathtub. A man washes the dog with the showerhead. Then he puts soap on the dogs back, and rinses. He is giving the dog a bath.
A white dog sits on a table with many hair shavings next to her.
This is an advertisement from some craft material paint. Many bottles of paint are in the scene and then some uses of the paint are shown a backpack, a flower . Many words flash by describing the paint.
A girl with black hair, a red shirt and straw hat talks to the camera describing a small garden she is in. 
People riding motorcycles up a massive ramp, doing tricks in the air, and crashing upon landing. Several near the end do not crash, and execute their tricks successfully.
Music plays and a picture displays of three men on the right side. There is text above them black circles in the background. Text appears on the left showing the lyrics and changes as the song plays.
Doctor from a veterinary clinic talking about pet grooming. He is wearing a white lab coat, and says that his staff does the grooming for him.
A sideways video of a man in a suit explaining directions. In the background pedestrians walk by. There is a tree and a sign as well as grass and a sidewalk in the background as well. In the foreground a woman is standing.
A man kneels on the ground in a house next to glass doors. He handles wood and tools and talks about what he is doing as he does. He is putting wood flooring in the house.
A woman sits in front of a camera and talks. There is a picture hanging on the wall behind her to the right. She moves her head around as she talks.
A group of men paint a mural over some graffiti this is shown in time lapse . When the mural is largely complete, the men quickly paint in the remaining empty spots with Scrabble tiles spelling out a proposal to one of the men's girlfriends.
A man stands at a podium giving a lecture about reeling in a fish without breaking a line. The video has a very low frame rate.
A man lectures on and ostensibly demonstrates how to make a sandwich, but his instructions and demonstrations are all strange or wrong in some way.
This is footage from a video game. A woman is sitting alone in an interrogation room talking to herself. The view then cuts to a group of people standing outside the interrogation room watching and discussing the woman.
A woman attempts to ride a mechanical bull, but fails to even climb on top of it. The video is set in a dimly lit bar or club of some sort, with loud music playing.
Two women introduce themselves as event planners, then one of them sits on a couch and gives advice on writing wedding vows.
This video is a slide show of some religious sheet music, while presumably the accompanying song plays. There are no vocals in the song, though there are lyrics written on the sheet music.
This is footage from a computer program in which a person walks around a large virtual house in first person perspective and customizes it by selecting various pieces of furniture. The player then steps into a different view and customizes his avatar.
This is a video about pistol marksmanship training in the U.S. marines. The video shows various soldiers being trained in marksmanship, as well as a short interview with an instructor.
This is a first person perspective video of a person riding a roller coaster. The recorder is holding a doll in front of him or herself for much of the video.
The video shows a first person shooter video game where the soldier is running on a carrier deck and shooting.
A figurine is standing and rotating on a lazy susan. She is small and wears a red dress and has long black hair.
A man holds a microphone and talks into it. He is sitting down and is next to a woman. Then she talks to a microphone that is on the table. They converse.
A young woman stares into the camera, plays the piano and passionately sings a peaceful song into a stationary microphone.
A single image is shown throughout the whole video while a song plays in the background. The words read: Shoot the Bullet . 
An advertisement for Riverdance. An Irish woman talks into the camera about the performance with a river and old world city buildings are in the background. Shots of Irish dancers appear throughout.
This is a video taken from the air and shows a crowded beach in the summertime with a ferris wheel in the background.
A young girl sings, dances, and talks straight into the camera. She has long black hair and wears a couple of necklaces.
A player in a first person video game is manipulating an airborne puzzle of cuboid cells and moving through and around it.
There is a circle cut into five parts drawn on a piece of paper. The paper is being moved slightly. A pencil also rests on the paper.
Boy racing model trains. The trains appear to be characters from Thomas the Tank Engine. Stanley falls off the tracks.
A woman is teaching how to reward a dog with food. She gives the dog cookies as a reward when the dog does what she tells him to do.
This is a text animation video. It must be an advertisement for a media company. There are whistle and drum sounds in the background.
Man taking about climbing equipment. He shows climbing shoes, harnesses, locking carabiners, and belay devices. There is an indoor climbing wall behind him.
Woman shows how to turn pants into lace shorts. She cuts the pants into shorts, then uses a sewing machine to attach lace.
This is an animated video showing flowers, birds, butterflies and fractal ornaments. There is a slideshow showing different kinds of texts and their audience. The text samples range from letters written by small kids to college essays, include lecture notes, emails, SMS texts, postcards, resumes.
A kid is doing a flip trick with his bicycle while his friends are recording. He keeps talking to his friend recording the video.
Girl sits down at computer. She opens her backpack and takes out a book. She writes on a piece of paper with a pen, and rubs her eyes groggily. She takes a nap.
This is a video showing the beginner techniques for proper wall climbing. The speaker talks about the techniques while a girl is showing how to use these techniques.
Two pickup trucks stuck in the mud. Guy tells story of how first truck got stuck in the mud, so they brought the second one in to pull it out, and it got stuck too.
A group of girls are dancing to the music in from of buildings while the audience is watching and recording them.
A guy is driving the car at night. We see another person packing up in his room. The guy driving the car knocks on his door and they began arguing and then fighting. One of the guys pulls a gun out then the other attacks him and they fight. A girl comes in and tries to make them stop, she shoots the guy as he was trying to kill the other. When the guy falls on the ground, the other guy is freed. Two of their friends also come in the room. This must be a scene from the tv series The O.C.
A woman is talking to the camera while driving the car, she is talking about her teenage daughter's birthday party plans. There are two little kids traveling at the backs of the car.
The video shows a race car at a design show. The speaker talks about the car while the audience is viewing it. There are also slideshows that show photographs from the races and that from the stages of manufacture.
This is a video of a car being pulled by a pickup as it is buried in the snow. However when the pickup pulls the car, the bumper and the back lights of the car comes off with the strap that is pulling the car. 
The video shows slide shows of pictures from a pet store. This is a commercial of the pet store that provides grooming, pet food and supplies.
Bulldog at dog show. Bulldog is paraded around show for 3 minutes not any more to addddddddd. ccccc ccc. Annoyed by having to add when there is nothing to add.
ranger showing what you need for camping. Shows knives, matches, fire starter, light, etc. but all in small scale so it is not easy to see. background are woods. shovel
Two people on the stage are playing the guitar and one of them is singing. There is a woman and a man recording the band with their cameras.
fishing from boat. 2 guys, fish net, lake in background as well as portion of boat. Fish in net. You can see outboard motor and chairs in boat
This is an animated slide show video showing pictures of kitchen appliances. It is a commercial for a web site providing repair service for electrical appliances.
four people in sand ceremony. Minister
close up of girl talking to camera. She is talking about guys eating sandwiches. Then shows her making a sandwich on a counter in sped up video. Finally ends up with her watching guy eating sandwich
person only hands and feet shown giving sales pitch on an outdoor show. Background in ground and some rocks.
A first person view of a man with a bicycle standing at the top of a huge jump. He rides down the ramp and does a flip off of the jump. He then lands and gets off the bike. There is a huge crowd of people watching. They cheer him on. A different video is shown, watching the man perform the stunt.
Someone is scraping wet cement across a floor with a ruler. The camera looks around the room at the wet area on the floor.
A view of a computer screen with Google open on the screen. The man using the computer searches for images and talks about them. There is static text along the bottom of the video.
A robotic cleaner drives around a house and scrubs and mops the floor. A woman often picks up the robot and changes the cloth or charges it. A man talks about the features of the robot while the video demonstrates.
A video of a girl in a kitchen eating bologna. She makes a sandwich on the counter. There is a dog on the ground next to her.
A man stands in front of a blank wall with a blue box next to him. He demonstrates an exercise that involves standing on the box.
Girls stand in a classroom and talk to the camera. Short clips are shown of different girls talking about snow leopards. Some pictures of snow leopards are shown as well.
People on motorbikes and bicycles play outside. The ride the bikes over jumps and perform tricks. One of the jumps has a big foam pit to land in. People also jump on a trampoline and do flips on it.
News reporters sit in front of a camera and talk. There are televisions behind them. Short clips are shown of websites with text and images of Barrack Obama.
A slide presentation is displayed on the screen. Titles and bullets change and occasionally there are images on the slides as well.
A man sits outside and holes a hiking shoe. There are trees and a waterfall behind him. There is static text in the bottom left corner. He moves the boot around while talking about it.
A man snowboards down a mountain and rides off of a jump. He tries to do a trick and falls. There are trees and another person behind him.
Pictures fade in and out while lyrics to a song display at the bottom of the screen. The pictures are typically of a couple sitting outside.
Music video of a band playing on stage mixed with shots of protestors and crowds waving a red flag. The protestors are varied. There are also a lot of shots involving people climbing a mountain with the same red flag. In a few shots there is text shown on the screen. The protest shots involve a lot of people, sometimes with the police attacking them.
A hand wearing shoes performs stunts and parkour in a house. There are miniature cars and lots of toys and silverware that the hand interacts with.
Video of a song with its album cover art playing in loop. The cover art features a pink background with blue flowers and a man and a woman. The image is all graphics.
Clips of people being interviewed are linked together on the screen. The video transitions and a man sits in front of a blank wall and talk to the camera.
A kid on a skateboard rides down a street and performs tricks. There are houses and trees as well as a playground in the background.
People walk through a hotel and meet with a staff member. The ask the staff member for directions. He gestures his hands and talks to them in a confusing manner.
Product advertisement video. The video starts with a company logo against a backdrop. A woman then explains about the product with a model of it next to her. She explains the process of cleaning the product. At one point she wears purple gloves with a green scrubber. She circulates water through the system to clean it. She removes each component and cleans them separately. 
A parade moves through a town. There is a giant blowup of Rudolf in the parade. People in the parade give candy to bystanders. The people holding the Rudolf blowup try to move it past a stoplight. They pull it under the stoplight. The stoplight punctures Rudolf and he deflates. There are buildings and trees in the background.
Video of a tractor removing earth. The tractor is yellow. It places a mount and proceeds to scoop up the dirt. Two women look on from a height while a man is at the lower area coordinating the dig. There is a car behind him. They seem to be in a field and are outdoor.
A woman gives a costume to her child and he puts it on. She decorates a room for a party and gives toys to kids. The kids play with a pinata and eat food.
A dog stands behind a cage. The man holding the camera feeds the dog and talks about it. A woman talks to the man about feeding the dog. Only her legs can be seen.
Parkour video. Several men are running around. They start off at random locations in daylight, in a city. They meet at a lower floor of a parking space and and endup at the top of a building. The video then has them run around at different locations. Three run solo and there are three teams of two. One team of two are running at night and one the members is wearing a neon lit dress. At all times they are outdoors.
Educational presentation for students about getting homework done. The video is a slideshow presentation with a white background and mostly black text. The video is all text and animated. The video also talks about time management.
Game play video from the perspective of the player. The character is not seen. A golden coloured fish is being attacked. The fish is near a wall and move away into open ground as the player attacks it. The video is all graphics. The player has a golden sword. Blood splatters as the fish is struck.
Video of a red jeep sitting off road. It is stuck on its centre. The wheel move as the driver tries to free the jeep, but it can't move because the back wheels are not fully in contact with road. There is a man with a hat and another who is trying to drive the vehicle. A woman stands some distance away. They now try to add some leverage to the read end of the jeep to get it to move. They now reversing the jeep and it moves a bit and is eventually able to free itself. The video closes with a shot of the mud tracks the front wheel makes.
Instructional video of a woman stitching a magnetic strap into cloth. She is wearing purple. She is at a table. The video shows her working for the most part. She cuts and labels the fabric. She inserts metal strips into the fabric to hold the magnet in place. She does this at both ends of the fabric.
Video of a man talking into the camera. He is talking about stuff. He is indoor, probably a living room. He is wearing a white shirt. He has a french beard.
Video of a man in a suit taking questions from an audience. An elderly man rushes to the aisle and starts shouting. A body guard in the background reacts. Another man from the crowd man handles him before the police interferes. The elder man proceeds to have a heated conversation with the man. He then leaves and the man responds to the audience. There are sev3eral press persons taking photographs in the background.
Video of a man in a blacksuit talking to a large crowd. The video shows a small shot of the crowd but focuses on the man. They are all indoor, at a basketball court. There are two other people sitting next to the man at a table. The man is standing at a podium.
Video of an Egyptian marriage ceremony. There is a large crowd. They are in a small street. The crowd sings and dances around the bride and the groom. There are several people in costume dancing and playing the a drum. The people in the costume now dance to a fixed pattern, amongst themselves. They have several routines. A number of people look on. There is man in a bike. The video is shot from a top angle.
This is an advertisement for an event photography company. The video mostly consists of a man standing in a photo studio talking to the camera, followed by a series of clips of people getting photographed at a wedding.
This is a video from a photo shoot for a band. The video mostly consists of brief clips of various band members talking to the camera, with a few clips of the photo shoot process mixed in.
A young woman asks a question at an event in Cambodia at which Hillary Clinton is speaking. Mrs. Clinton then takes several minutes to respond.
This is a slideshow showing the steps involved in installing wooden flooring, while a voice over talks vaguely about the process.
This video is just a series of clips of blue whales swimming in the ocean, most of them underwater but one on the surface.
This is a clip from a musical movie, probably from the 50s or 60s. A well dressed man and woman talk in their living room, then the woman begins singing and the pair dances around the room. Eventually the two go outside and the man joins in the singing.
This seems to be a video made for a school project. Three girls speak in Spanish, while moving paper cut outs with stick figures drawn on them around a stylized map of a city.
A man explains and demonstrates how to clean a water filter using a sink, a sponge and some dish soap.
A man uses a free standing device and a metal bar to secure a wheel and then remove the tire from the wheel. There is no narration or explanation.
Several young men do parkour trips in a somewhat run down urban area and a small park. The vegetation suggests that this is a city with a warm climate.
An industrial robot engraves some letters on a sheet of dark metal.
A man attempts a trick on a dirt bike at some sort of competition, while two men provide commentary. He fails at the trick on his first attempt, then tries and fails again, this time injuring or at least hurting himself.
This is a news clip covering Michael Jordan's wedding. The clip shows various onlookers and police standing around outside the church at which the wedding is occurring and a brief interview with one of the watching children.
A girl talks to the camera in what might be very heavily accented English or another unidentifiable language. She appears to be talking into a webcam with very low frame rate, and the window behind her shows an urban area at night.
A man talks to the camera, introducing what he calls a virtual town hall meeting. The video eventually switches to a view of the man's website
A somewhat animated cat waves its paw and tail and periodically changes color in time to the music playing.
This is a text slide show with no voice or images presenting various ideas for a 16th birthday party.
This video shows a small black dog, and then later a small white and beige dog, being led around at a dog show.
This video shows a multicultural parade through an urban area. Various groups representing different cultures are shown in turn, most of them dancing and or playing some sort of music, and many in some sort of costume.
A man is demonstrating a blacksmithing technique in a tent at an outdoor fair of some sort. He first heats a piece of metal in a small forge, then hammers and bends it using other tools.
a woman tries to skate board.she gets on to the skate board and uses her leg to push forward.she repeats the same for several times.
a man wipes with a cloth.then shows a set of products.he the soak the cloth in water and then starts wiping in a circular motion.
a boy sitting in a chair in front of a table.he is writing on a paper.he then stops writing and see through the window located back of him.he the adjusts himself on the chair and starts reading from what he wrote.
woman is clearing the snow in from of the car.she then sits inside the car and starts the engine.she turns to left and right and tries to come out of the snow.
there are two people fishing using their fishing rod.one of them seem have caught a fish but feeling difficulty in getting it out.so the other guy helps him in pulling the fish out of the sea into the boat.
Video of a fish dying in the dirt. A man is fishing at the bank of a river with a line. He is wearing a brown dress and is squatting. He catches a fish and draws it in. He removes the hook from it and places it next to him. The fish dies unable to breath. It looks like a cat fish. The video ends with a shot of its head.
Video of a man presenting a how to on cleaning an ice tray. He is at the sink. He applies soap to a cloth and cleans it while talking about the process. He then washes the tray and lays it out to dry.
there is a car stuck in the snow.people are helping the car come out of the snow so they tie a chain to another car and help it to pull the car.after several attempts the manage to get the car out of snow.
Video of a news show on an item about a climbing wall. A man and a woman, standing, cue the show. A presenter then talks about it. The video then presents an interview with the owner of a climbing wall. It shows the safety guidelines of the establishment. It has shots of the several people climbing the wall and of one with a man putting on the equipment.
a man riding a motocross bike tries to do a stunt on the track.he jumps but unable to balance on the track.he falls down,but he manages to get up again and waves his hand to the crowd.
a boy tries to jump from a platform using his skateboard.but he falls down and start crying because out of pain.
Gameplay video from an RPG game. The player goes around a jungle map killing people. The terrain is a dense tropical forest, with rain. Points and scoring are presented at the top of the screen. The kills are mostly done with a knife and the payer sneaking up on them. Occasionally a gun is used.
Presentation video about woodwork projects for children. The video is a sideshow with a lot of text. The background is white. The text is mostly black or red. There are a few pictures with humans in it, which are shot indoors.
Instructional video from a vocational course. The video is a screencast. Parts of a fridge are show. The parts have an image and some text associated with them.
there are group of people all dressed alike.few standing and few sitting.most of them holding microphone in their hand speaking .few preparing the cake for celebrations.then two of them blows the candle and start cutting the cake.the each one of them grab a piece and eat.and few throw on others.
News video of an news item, the death of a student at a University. A presenter talks to a reporter. The reporter is outdoor in a black dress and is talking about the item. The video cuts to a death service. Another student is interviewed. The video ends with the reporter.
Video of a woman talking about stuff. She is wearing glasses and has blonde hair. She appears to be an olde woman. She is sitting indoors, at her desk. There is a window. Most of the video is static. There are several cuts in the video. She switches to a different position and sings at one point, wearing a different dress.
Video of a hard wood floor being built. A man is setting wooden planks in place. He is using a hammer and is wearing blue jeans.
Music video of a band singing indoors. The video opens with a spooky image of ghost. The band is then show singing. The band move outdoor and are sen singing there. There is a fire around. There is a large crowd. They seem to be dressed to look spooky.
A small gray owl sits in a blanket nest. Someone feeds the owl food pieces with a long tool. The owl is screeching and does not seem to be happy.
A group of boys dig a red jeep out of the snow in the middle of a snowstorm. A half dozen of the boys run up and push the car forward out of an embankment.
This is an advertisement slideshow of images of dogs just after they have been shampooed, cut, and groomed. Mostly dog faces are shown in the images.
Many guys bounce around and do flips, and spins, and other wild gymnastics moves. There is one many in a suit with a white face mask on doing crazy parkour too. 
A woman brushes and baths dogs. She wears are red shirt and seems to be happy while she is grooming the dogs.
A hand writes questions about home appliances while drawing cartoons of a refrigerator, dryer and others. Then the hand writes advertisement materials for this group of technicians.
Clips of a Jewish wedding ceremony are shown. Many people sing and clap and dance. Other clips show very sentimental moments with the groom and bride walking down the aisle, parents and grandparents are crying. They exchange rings. A guitarist plays. Then the stomp on and break the glass for tradition.
A woman in a black tanktop and hat talks about hiking boots. Images of the actual hiking boots are shown too. The woman picks up some of the boots and points to different features on them.
A little boy is fishing in a pond. His grandpa comes up and helps him pull the fish out of the water. 
A jeep and a sedan are on a sandy road. The camera is rotated 90 degrees. There is a driver in the jeep and they are winding up the winch from the front end of the jeep. I think the jeep just pulled the sedan out of the sand.
A black race car drives down a regular street. It is number 71. It makes a u turn and then speeds away.
A jeep is trying to get through uneven terrain in a forest. It makes slow progress. Then the camera moves on another jeep through the same terrain. It is a slow and bumpy ride. The guy gets stuck and tries to get himself out. Someone else with a blue shirt jumps in front of the jeep to help.
Images a tools for metal working are shown. They are for cast iron projects like gates and other useful metal based projects. The tools are all a bright orange color.
A bmx trick bike has blue lights all over its frames and a guy in a white tee shirt rides the bike and does many tricks. He spins while standing on the front and rear pegs. 
Two little kids make a craft at a kitchen table. They are making a crown and their dad is helping. They also made a castle. Then the talk into the camera and make jokes and funny faces.
A school of dolphins swim through the water. A camera man in scuba gear is under the water with the marine life. Birds are also under the water fishing for sardines. 
Images of cars on a race track are shown. Video footage highlights a car crashing into the wall and off the track. Then police and other rescue vehicles arrive to help the driver.
a girl speaks before a crowd with a playing projector on her back.then two girls come on the stage and start dancing for which the crowd starts to support by applauding them.
a man is speaking before the camera.then a boy and a girl start to talk to each other.boy is holding a paper in his n=hand and the girl is holding her mobile.
there is a group of people sitting in a stadium and a camera focusing few couples.these couple start kissing each other.but one boy,girl pair where the boy proposes the girl but girl rejects him and leaves.
there is a group of people sitting in a stadium and a camera focusing few couples.these couple start kissing each other.but one boy,girl pair where the boy proposes the girl but girl rejects him and leaves.
an old main standing in front of a front loadable washing machine.he starts to wipe and then rotates a knob on the washing machine and then again wipes the interior of the washing machine.
a small boy holding a fishing rod in his hand catches a fish .while he is trying to pull the fish out of water other man holding a net helps him o pull the fish out of the water.
a woman standing in front of her stainless steel fridge smudges some grease on to the fridge . she then wipes the grease with a cloth in her hand.
there are group of children came to a birthday party in a house which is fully decorated with lots of gifts.a woman manages all the children and help the children to play all kind of games.
a man riding a motorcycle rides onto a ramp,where he tries to do some kind of stunt but fails and falls on to the ground.
it seems like a pig riding some sort of a vehicle.pig speeds through the land and then also start climbing the hill
a woman in a kitchen starts to speak about some topic.she then shows few tools like brushes and paints and again start taking.
This is a Portuguese or Spanish language video announcing some sort of conference or event related to agriculture. The video consists of a stop motion animation using various leaves, fruit and seeds, plus paper cards containing various information about the event. A voice over reads the cards as they appear.
This is a news clip of a Republican town hall meeting at which people are questioning President Obama's US citizenship.
This is a video of a man doing a wide variety of stunts in various settings. Some of them appear to be from movies or TV shows, whereas others are more free form gymnastics or parkour.
This video describes how to safely change a tire, with specific instructions for doing this in a certain model of Dodge minivan.
This is a particularly unprofessional video in which a man demonstrates and describes how to change a flat tire. Most of the video is in the wrong orientation, with the floor appearing on the right side of the video.
This is a video of two young men doing parkour tricks in various settings, all of which appear to be urban, but closely bordered by significant wooded areas.
A man marching and playing some sort of strange instrument leads a procession of geese down a street, followed by another marching man playing a drum.
A man speaks on stage at a party of some sort, then a second man comes up on stage and uses his teeth to put a garter on his girlfriend's leg. He then proposes to her.
A man explains and shows the steps to constructing a drill holder and charging station out of wooden blocks.
A man explains and demonstrates several different types of wood joints
A man uses a hammer to install some type of snap together flooring on top of a blue base board. At one point the video zooms in to show the fine details of the flooring being installed.
A group of young men do a number of choreographed and solo parkour routines in various places around a European city, particularly in several different playgrounds. At the end of the video one of them jumps into a river or canal.
Several teenage boys skateboard around a suburban area while music plays. Periodically a colored overlay covers the video.
A group of teenage girls are feeding piglets from baby bottles full of milk or formula. Some of the piglets are more cooperative than others.
A woman gives advice on making a good peanut butter and jelly sandwich, most of which just focuses on the choice of ingredients.
Two men and a woman standing on a street at night yell largely indecipherably at the camera. At one point one of the men, who is holding the woman close, says something about proposing, but it isn't clear if this is serious.
This is an advertisement for a compilation of woodworking plans. The video just consists of text and some quick still frames of some of the woodworking schematics.
This is an advertisement for 75 chair plans plus 16
This is a first person video of a man going fishing off of a bridge. The video is uneventful for several minutes, but the man does finally catch and reel in a fish, while cheering excitedly about it.
This is a video describing the ways in which some common kitchen appliances to break, as well as very general advice on fixing them or getting them fixed. The video consists purely of text and still images of appliances, with some music but no voice over.
Flash mob at University of Minnesota. Girl starts dancing, then a bunch of other people run over and join in. They are all wearing University shirts, the colors are yellow and red.
Man shows how to clean a grill grate. He scrubs it with a brush in warm soapy water in a sink, then rinses it with a wet wash cloth.
Snowboarder at night, grinds on a railing covered in graffiti. He is dressed completely in white. Somebody is shoveling in the background.
Crowd of people dancing to Beat It by Michael Jackson. There is a person dressed like Michael Jackson leading the dance.
Machine cutting a design in a sheet of metal. It appears to be a water jet cutter. The design is geometrical, with curved lines forming a mesh like pattern.
Walking down a street, white tricks and a park. Walking through a house where people are installing a wooden floor.
How to make stuffed bunnies out of felt. Cut out the felt, sew eyes and nose with black thread, sew the edges of the bunny, stuff it, finish sewing. Draw designs in marker.
Person in boat retrieving a fish from their trap. They attached fishing line and hook to a bottle, then let the bottle float in the water until a fish took the bait. They take the bottle and attached fish out of the water.
News broadcast about a group of Michael Jackson fans who were broken up by police officers when they attempted a flash mob. They are shown placing pictures and flowers at a memorial site.
Man in a snowy field with many cars and pickup trucks parked in it. Little dogs running around in the snow. He starts up a truck.
Girl unlocks door and walks into house. Pets dog, grabs mail, opens fridge and gets water. Walks up stairs, knocks on door. Another girl comes in, they hug.
a man probably a construction worker.while he was going up in the lift ,he uses his phone to talk to some one.
there is a huge crowd standing in a hall.and a old man speaks and waves his hand, while others watching him talk.there is another man talking before the crowd using a microphone.
a man and woman sitting in a couch near to each other watches an album.the man kisses her and then proposes her with a gift.
a man comes out of the car into the woods and gets into another car which is stuck into the snow.he tries to get the car out of snow using another car and he succeeds.
a man driving a car opens one of his door and peeks out of it and waves to the crowd.he then climbs onto the roof of the running car and tries to get down.where he falls and the car speed away from him .he tries to chase his car.but it hits the edge and stops.
there are few people in the video. one girl is standing and few photographers are taking the picture of her.these photographers seems to take photo of the girl in different angles.
there are few people in the video. one girl is standing and few photographers are taking the picture of her.these photographers seems to take photo of the girl in different angles.
a boy is speaking before the camera and then he holds a fishing rod and tries to catch the fish.he even shows the kinds of fishes he has caught while fishing.
a beautiful girl starts to speak and waves his hand in the air.then a man come to help her in cutting a long sheet and the they together place the sheet in the corner.and then they both talk.
a woman stands behind some photos.she talks about something.and then shows some things like candles,flowers and then a man and woman standing in the church before another person.and then she talks again.
This is a video describing the ways in which some common kitchen appliances to break, as well as very general advice on fixing them or getting them fixed. The video consists purely of text and still images of appliances, with some music but no voice over.
This video shows without very much detail the steps to carving and lacquering a number of different decorative wooden objects.
Two men, one of them sitting and the other standing, ride a small three wheeled motorized vehicle around a parking lot.
A young man does a trick shot on a billiards table, while another watches. The video is extremely shaky, and has very low sound quality.
This is an advertisement for an appliance repair company. The text and images that make up the advertisement are shown being drawn by a hand holding a sharpie at accelerated speed . 
This is a video of various clips from a motocross event. Each clip shows a man doing a doing a trick on a dirt bike, usually in the middle of a long jump.
This video shows the mechanism by which a spare tire is secured in place on a Chevy Tahoe, and describes how a mechanic was able to remove a spare tire that was stuck in place. The video is shot from underneath the truck, which is on an elevated lift.
Two stylized computer animated characters with computer generated voices talk about a teacher's homework policy.
An astronaut on the international space station talks about some of the food astronauts eat, and demonstrates how to prepare a sandwich actually a tortilla wrap in zero gravity.
This is a pseudo motion slide show demonstrating a fix for some sort of metal crafting problem related to producing three legged stools.
A military sergeant throws out the first pitch at a baseball game, then proposes to his girlfriend. The girlfriend then describes her reaction after the fact.
This is a short video of a large bird, possibly an eagle, landing in a nest atop a tree.
Several men talk in Spanish about parkour, amid clips of them practicing parkour moves. They appear to still be beginners, as none of them are very fast or doing any impressive tricks.
The cast and crew on some sort of soap opera help one of the sound crew members propose to his girlfriend also on the sound crew .
This is essentially a slide show albeit with a lot of pseudo motion and fancy transitions showing an older man and a number of young children building a life size cow which is really more like a stick figure of a cow out of wood. 
A man is showing off a number of simple model airplanes he has made out of aluminum cans. In particular he shows off two biplanes and two modern jet fighters. 
A man explains and demonstrates how to clean the condenser coils on a refrigerator, and suggests doing so every 6 months in order to make sure the refrigerator runs efficiently.
This video is a pseudo motion slideshow that shows several different vintage clothing styles, each followed by a person seen from multiple angles wearing an real life example of the style.
A reporter interviews a racecar driver after a race.
This is an advertisement for an appliance seller and repair shop, with a particular emphasis on vacuum cleaners. The video consists of a woman talking to the camera about the store, and a number of panning shots of the inside of it.
This is just a still image from an animated movie or TV show showing a girl in the middle of a room full of books, with the words I hate homework in the upper left corner. 
a woman and man sitting before the desk and talking about some topic.this seems like a news room.and then a man standing before a huge crowd waving his hand and showing his mobile phone.
a man is bored studying.he throws his mobile out of the window.he then gets into the bathtub and studies there.he then performs anatomy on a doll and show the parts he dissected.he takes a shower while studying a book.
a woman speaks while standing in the kitchen.then a man surrounded by oven ,seems like he is in a shop.explains the features of each oven by opening its door and sliding its tray.
there are huge building around the crowd where a man and woman speaks away from the crowd using there microphones.then a lady in a big dress dances with another lady,then a small group of male and female come and dance together.
there are group of children deciding on something.then they start playing hide and seek.one calls another guy.he then keeps on calling him until he is caught.
there are people who are climbing mountains.these mountains are like ridges.there is no flat surface on the mountain.he seems balancing on the top of the mountain.
there is a woman speaking in the kitchen and shows a oven.then a man come along with her and speaks.a couple speaks about something.then a girl come while a man was repairing the airconditioner
there is a woman sitting in the reception.then there is another woman shaving the hair of the dog.then she shows a room,which seems as if the whole room was designed for the dog and looks more like a spa.
there is a cushion. a man marks few points on the cloth.then he cuts the cloth with a cutting instrument and then stitches it so that it can fit the old cushion.
there is a bread which seems like it has some spread on it.he then add some cheese and pepperoni and then cover it with another slice of the bread. 
a woman speaks and she continue to speak by making some gestures like moving her hand and her head .
Music video from an anime. The video consists of a static image of the moon with several layers. The other layers consist of a boy and a girl. The girls looks scary. There are letters from a foreign language being shown. The video is dark. There are spots of what looks like blood in the edges. The video is has a maroon tinge to it. The boy and the girl perform a variety of actions, including sit, run and stare into the camera.
Video of a large tyre about to be dismantled. A man places tools next to the tyre and begins to remove the rubber. He steps on the tyre to provide force. He removes it and then places the rubber back into place. Once he is done, he collects his tools. There is a van in the background. There is some snow, a few cars and a building in the background.
Video that introduces hiking. The video starts with a blurred shot of a busy street. It then provides shots of hiking sticks and presents the need for them. It first shows the benefits and provides images of the activities. The video then presents various aspects of a hiking stick like the grip. It then shows how to setup a hiking stick and use cases for it. The video is mainly text and shots what the text describes.
Video of a woman talking about stuff in front of a banner. The banner has text that highlights what she is talking about. She is very animated in her speech and action. She is indoor. There is a plain wall behind her and a company photo above her right shoulder.
Advertisement video about building construction. The video opens with some text and shots of several buildings. A picture of a sales woman is shown before ending the video. The video starts and ends with blinking text.
Video of four people on stage with a large audience. They are all indoors in a large auditorium. There is a screen that displays some text. The video is shaky. There is applause. There are large banners of dark blue along the edges of the auditorium.
Video of two men taking apart a tyre. There are two cars and a house in the background. There is a dog that seems interested in what they are doing, walking around them a few times. The man uses a hammer to take the rubber out and then proceeds to put it back on. He is wearing a cowboy hat. The other man wearing a hoodie, removes it at one point. They are out in bright sun.
Instructional video the order of a weeding procession. Two women are presented to the camera. A woman wearing black seated in a sofa in a large hall. She is talking. The video opens with several shots of her and the room they are in. They are indoors at all times.
Video from a game featuring the game selection. The car is chosen with appropriate settings and a race scenario is chosen. The video then features two races. Cars are placed side by side and race left to right on the screen. There is a steering wheel with controls show below the racing cars. The background blurs as the car gets to top speed. 
Video if a bathroom with a swimming pool on the outside. Multiple shots are shown with the wc, sink and the floor and all that. The video documents the general break down of the place. The floors are broken as are the pipes and the walls. There are cobwebs ad debris.
Video introducing multiple persons, two men and two women. They are seen at the start with some text introducing them. There is text shown on the video. The background for the text is either black or has a picture of a castle. The video ends with a logo.
Video of a man and a woman rock climber being featured on an advertisement. The video parodies the advertisement for its false portrayal of rock climbing. There are shots of people climbing without any ropes attached. A man and a woman are interviewed about it. At one point a baby climbs a dangerous cliff, to emphasize how bad the advertisement is.
Instructional video of a man showing how a tin can is converted to a pen holder. The man presents an empty tin and begins to clean it. He then tapes fabric onto the can and presents it as a finished product.
Video of a boy climbing up an indoor rock climbing wall. There are two other men holding up his harness. He loses grip and swings across the room before hitting the ground near the camera filming them.
screen cast that demonstrates the use of tags via third part app on the iPhone. Plain text tags are shown as well as hyperlinked ones. The video shifts several times to an app screen to register a link. Some shows show a capture of the homescreen. The hyperlinked tag example is demonstrated using the web browser.
Video of a boy getting hurt riding his cycle off a small height. He lies on the floor for quite a before his cycle is show, dented.
Video of a room with a lot of junk in it. There is a printer and a TV. An older woman sitting at a desk hold up an owl to the camera. The owl flutters its feathers before settling down. There is a TV to the right of the woman.
Screencast of a learning software for younger students. The software presents a question with an answer. The user click on the answer. They then follow an explanation that explains the solution in depth.
Video of a man trying to get his dirt bike out of mud. The bike is stuck on its side unable to move half of the wheels. The man tries to get the bike to move in the mud by accelerating. He is able to move forward a bit and then back, in a bid to produce momentum to get the bike out. The bike eventually gets out the mud and drives out.
Video of a chocolate Labrador sniffing at fish caught by a man. The man presents the fish to the camera before letting it out. They are in shin deep water a bit from the shore. The dog has a green camouflage vest. The man is dressed heavily in grey.
This is a video of a man standing in a river and fly fishing. After he hooks a fish, he scoops it into a net. The camera then lowers into the water to show a close up of the fish.
A woman demonstrates the use of an electric carving tool in carving a decorative sculpture out of some sort of large tropical nut.
This is a video of a woman struggling to get a motorcycle out of a small space crowded with other motorcycles. The video is shot through a window from inside a nearby building.
This is a cooking video describing how to create a homemade fried chicken breast sandwich similar to those sold by Chick fil A.
Three men and a woman work to free an ATV that has gotten stuck in some mud. One of the men, as well as the woman driving the ATV, get covered in mud in the process.
This is an advertisement for a home improvement company. It shows some moving text, and two short clips of men in construction gear hardhats, etc. .
This is a guide from a vinyl flooring company showing, briefly, the steps to preparing and installing their product.
Two men struggle to get a golf cart unstuck from the top of a mound of dirt. In the process, the cart ends up rolling back and over one of the men. He doesn't appear to be seriously hurt, but it takes some additional effort to get him out from under the cart.
This video shows a woman or at least a woman's hand holding a baby bat and using some kind of dropper to feed it.
A line of men beat out some kind of march on drums in the middle of a street. After a minute or so, a line of people appears opposite them and begins tap dancing. More people join the dancing line as the video continues.
there is a public gathering of the people.a man stands up and ask some questions to the presenter.then there are some people who stand and as the board .the board answers them back.
man and woman sit on the chair.man throws some thing in the hands of another person and start playing some musical instrument.the woman listens to the song and in the end the man proposes the woman with a gift and they both hug each other.
a woman having a blue colored hair,standing in front of a weird background .starts to sing and dance.
a person opens the oven door and removes the tray from inside.then he unscrews the parts and start wiping the interior of the oven with different cloths.
there is a tower with a clock.then there are few soldiers watching and few marching.there are few officers who are standing in the car and the soldiers saluting them.a person starts giving the speech about something.
a man standing and holding a squirrel in his hand talks about some thing then he starts feeding the squirrel.
a man balancing a cycle on one wheel jumps down.then another person balancing himself jumps from one place to another where he performs some stunt but misses so he re perform the same stunt again until he succeeds.
a man jumps from building to building by balancing himself on legs and hands.then he enters some sort of construction site covers his eye and jumps from place to place blindfold.
a old man speaks while he is standing before a table with some things on its top.he then points towards some boxes and bottles.he take some powder from the box and add some liquid to it and wipe it on the gun to make some marks.
a person driving in a very rugged road.then he finds that his car is stuck in the mud.people with cars trying to help the car to pull out of the mud.after some attempts it succeeds in pulling the car out.
there are two cars.one of it seems to stuck in the ground.so they tie a rope from one car to the other and start pulling it out and it come out.the woman standing beside the car starts to clap and a boy supports.
Man standing in front of refrigerator talks about how to search for appliance parts on a website by entering the appropriate model number.
Truck driving over sand at night. There are flames from a small fire, which the truck also drives over.
Tutorial on making lanterns out of glass jars. Washes jars, cuts designs out of paper, places the paper on the jar, sprays the jars with glass frosting spray, inserts a candle, and attaches a wire to the top of the jar.
Indoor bouldering video. Man shows how to fall correctly, as no harnesses are used. He also shows how to spot a climber.
Kid in pajamas jumping on furniture and doing homework. He is writing on a piece of paper on the seat of a chair.
Girl lip syncing and dancing in a chair. She gets up and starts dancing around, then falls. She gets back up and starts petting her cat.
Man speaking on stage in a comedy club. At the end of his act, he proposes to his girlfriend. They kiss.
Owners with their dogs on leashes. Barking, jumping through hoops, running, doing tricks. Dog show. Dog defecates, owner cleans it up.
A picture of a fiery heart is displayed and text appears with lyrics in front of it. Music plays and the text changes.
A machine with large shiny components shifts around. Parts rotate and connect together. A large box moves left and then back to the right.
A band plays rock in a small room. The lead singer starts singing and people stand in a line in front of him. Two women stand behind them and next to a wall and hold each other.
A man in a goofy pink hat crawls along the ground. Three girls are kneeling and walking crawling on the ground. They seem to be acting out a skit or playing. They all stand up and continue acting goofy while walking around.
A band plays music for a crowd. There is a man playing piano in front of them. Children sit on the on the floor and watch.
A monster truck drives around a stadium. There are thousands of people in the stands. The truck drives over jumps and does wheelies and other tricks.
Music plays while a picture is displayed. The picture is of a colourful orange object in front of a green background. There is text displayed in front of it.
A man walks up to a temple. He goes inside the temple and finds a glowing blue ball. He goes rampant, punching and shooting things.
A woman wearing a stormtrooper helmet talks to an R2 D2 robot. The robot drives around the room. It comes back and she holds it.
The sun rises. Short clips of a clip with ropes and quick draws on it are shown. People gear up to go rock climbing. Short clips are shown of different people rock climbing on a large face.
A cartoon pony walks into a room and looks at a television with other ponies on it. The pony kicks another pony that goes flying in the air.
Similar pictures are shown next to each other in order to compare the quality of two different cameras. Each image has another image in the corner showing a crop of the maximum zoom.
A DJ stands on a stage in front of a crowd of people. Lights flash around him and he holds up his hands. There are video displays in front of and behind him. The music drops and people put their hands up and dance.
Music plays and text displays on a black background displaying a artist name and song title. The text is static and doesn't change over the whole video.
A man and woman run around a house while a child tries to find them. They appear to be playing hide and seek. The man rubs the woman's back and an image of lotion displays.
A parade of people walk and drive though a crowd. A man wearing a hat and sunglasses is interviewed. He shakes his hands and talks to the camera. A man talks into a microphone to a huge crowd in a stadium. The scene changes to a couple people sitting and talking in front of a moving backdrop.
A train drives down a track. Cars drive down roads and the camera pans through a city. People are sitting and walking through the city. It appears to be an advertisement for a video game. Everything is digitally rendered.
Chefs prepare food in a kitchen. A man talks while the food is prepared and passed to the waiters. A man walks down to a boat and buys some fish from the boatman. He walks into a building and greets a woman.
Music plays and a picture displays of an anime character smiling. Only part of the characters face can be seen. There is text to the left of him.
Text displays in front of a graphic of raindrops falling on the screen. The raindrops appear to be splashing on absolutely nothing.
A child draws in a book with a pencil. He traces paths on pictures in the book. He finished and a man gives him a high five.
A woman next to a child talks to the camera. A man holding a microphone dances and sings into the microphone in front of the camera. He smokes a pipe and shakes his head around.
A woman sits in front of a sewing machine and talks to the camera. She demonstrates how to make a pillow. There is a fireplace behind her.
A group of girls perform a synchronized dance on a stage in a public square. People on the side watch.
A computer falls off of a table. The scene changes and someone drops the computer off of a roof. The computer is continued to be smashed against things and destroyed.
A parade of dancers and drummers marches in displays for a crowd. Barrack Obama is present and he smiles and nods. Michelle Obama is also watching.
Music plays and a still picture displays. It appears to be an album cover with three men in the middle. Colourful graphics and text display around the image.
A computer screen displays with a picture of Will Smith. The boy using the computer talks while using a photo editing tool to crop out the background from the image. He finds a picture online and sets it as the background for Will Smith.
A person kneels down and pressed a button on a robot. The person steps away and the robot drives around. The robot is holding a marker and draws on the ground below itself.
A computer animated bicycle rides around a skate park and performs tricks. There is no one riding the bicycle.
Pictures are shown shortly and repeatedly. They typically have an animated bird or another animal. There are numbers displayed in the pictures.
A small tree with blossoms on it is shown in a yard. Another tree is zoomed in on and a hand touches it.
People walk through a crowd next to a concert stage. A woman holds a massive stuffed animal bear. A man takes the bear and harasses the woman with it. Spiderman runs in and beats up the man and his gang. He then takes off his mask and proposes to the woman.
A piece of paper has a drawing of a star on it and holes punched in the paper along the stars outline. There are strings running through the paper. The camera zooms in where the strings are running through the paper.
A woman stands in front of a blank wall and talks to the camera. Only her head and shoulders can be seen. There is a box with a symbol in it in the bottom right.
A woman kneels on the floor and lifts two dogs, one in either arm. The dogs scrape their legs on the floor.
The camera man walks into a forest. The camera looks around at the surrounding trees. The cameraman walks up to a log and cuts and the log with a knife.
People stand around and walk around at either a convention or an airport. A man starts dancing. He walks up to a woman and she starts dancing with him. Other people walk up and watch. Then some of them start participating in the dancing.
A man talks to the camera. Clips are shown of fishermen in a boat catching fish. The man handles a fish and looks up information about the fish on a computer.
The camera pans a scene of a beach. There are mountains in the distance and a boat on the shore of the beach. The camera turns away from the beach. There are people preparing food under a canopy.
A man walks around and dances in front of a grassy field. He sings about what he is doing. The words his saying display at the top of the screen.
A picture displays of green and red blurs. Text displays in front of it. It appears to be an album cover. Music plays.
Men jump around and perform parkour tricks in city streets and playgrounds. The often do flips in the air.
Short clips are shown of anime characters fighting. A man in a chair asks the camera a question. Music plays.
Text moves across the screen and pictures are displayed. The pictures pan in and out and fade into one another. They are typically of people. Some are cartoons.
Pictures of sculptures are displayed on the screen. The pictures are panned up and down and fade in and out. Music plays.
People wearing graduation gowns are interviewed by the cameraman. They tell the camera what their major is and what their plans are for the future.
A pixelated image of what appears to be a computer screen displays. A short clip of lions licking each other plays. The video freezes and a text bubble displays below it.
This is a stop motion animation of a man's hand and an assortment of small objects, including crayons, coins and a dollar bill. Eventually, a ring appears in the animation, after which the man's hand spells out a marriage proposal in crayon.
After an animated introduction, the video shows a series of scenes from some sort of science or engineering museum, possibly related to Nikola Tesla.
This video demonstrates and explains how to attach a set of fake lashes above the eye, with advice on how to make the lashes look natural.
An SUV slowly makes its way along a course set up on a series of small but steep muddy hills, while a number of people watch from the sides.
An SUV backs up into another car in order to push it off of a rock that it had apparently ridden over and gotten stuck on.
The camera lowers into the water of a shallow stream in order to watch a hooked fish be reeled in. The fish struggles for a while, but is eventually pulled onto the shore.
A commercial jetliner painted with Pokemon characters taxis around and airport, before eventually taking off.
This seems to be some sort of outdoor conference or rally in what is probably a European city. The camera is shaky and mostly pointed up into the air or at the building behind the stage, so it's hard to figure out exactly what's going on.
A man sitting in what looks like a dorm room talking to the camera and talks about moral nihilism and religion.
Three young children are playing in an outdoor sporting area of some sort. One of them attempts to do a trick on his bicycle, but apparently gives up after he almost falls over.
This is a slide show of images of three men who seem to be part of a band in various settings. Non English music probably performed by the band in question plays in the background.
A man films himself from first person perspective going along a sidewalk and using a pair of clippers to remove campaign signs for a local politician.
A man uses a mallet to secure strips of wooden flooring. The camera then pans over to see other parts of the floor that have already been fully attached. Someone else can be heard hammering in the background as well.
A teenage boy rides down a small dirt hill on his bicycle. The hill seems to be in a wooded area, but the video is very short so few details can be made out.
A man sitting in front of his computer turns around and talks to the camera about a woodworking website he found.
This is a music video for a rock band of some sorts. It mostly just shows the lead singer in various mundane settings, periodically cutting back to the band playing in a dark room.
A cat plays with and chews on a cat brush, while the owner attempts to brush it. At once point the camera pans over to show two other cats, one in the process of having its claws clipped.
This is an internal military news clip talking about sexual harassment training in the U.S. navy. It features various shots of training sessions, as well as interviews with several participants.
This is a video of some sort of crowded street fair. The person holding the camera is walking down the street and showing the various stands and tents he or she passes.
This is a slideshow of various unrelated humorous images, many of them in demotivational poster format. 
Promotional video for a sewing project. The video features several shots of persons at a sewing machine and one of a group photograph. There is text on a dynamic background. The text features details of the project.
Video of a woman showing her house in the morning. The video is indoor and shows the kitchen and the living room. She is presenting the interior of the house while talking about it.
Trailer video of a feature film. There is one man and his daughter. They move to a house. There are shots of a bridge. Most of the shots are indoors. It features the father and the daughter. There is a shot of a policeman at one point. There are also shots of lake. One scene has bathtub with some candles and text written in red on the walls. A small amount of text features between shots, with a dark, florescent blue background.
Trailer video of a feature film. There is one man and his daughter. They move to a house. There are shots of a bridge. Most of the shots are indoors. It features the father and the daughter. There is a shot of a policeman at one point. There are also shots of lake. One scene has bathtub with some candles and text written in red on the walls. A small amount of text features between shots, with a dark, florescent blue background.
Slideshow video of various fishing artifacts. A boat is shown and is a bucket of bait. There are shots of a men holding up fish they caught. There is also a video if a man catching a fish. There is another video of a two men cutting up fish at a table.
Video of a trip. There is a man and a woman in the video. There are several shots of the man and the woman in the video, walking around and sitting. There are outdoor in a park. A meteor crashes near them. An alien jumps out of the meteor and attacks the man. The video ends with some text claiming that the persons are still missing.
A green ball surrounded by colored stars and a black background explodes into little orange balls in the shape of fireworks.
A woman in a flannel shirt hikes over hills. She pulls a pair of hiking pants from a store. Text appears on the screen giving suggestions for shopping. The woman looks in the mirror at the pants.
A bald man speaks in a room in front of a yellow poster with a green bird. White text appears in front of him translating his speech into English.
On a cliff, chains line a mountain. A man speaks and climbs the path using the safety features affixed to the cliff side.
The name Justine appears on the screen. A woman in a dress appears and disappears in a room with a mirror. A woman in a black shirt puts on and takes off a hardhat. The woman wears ballet shoes and does ballet. Pictures of llamas, a mountain, and several families are shown.
A band with three male guitarists and a drummer play on a stage. Colored lights shine behind the men and an audience watches them. The men sing into microphones.
Outdoors, many black men gather in a parking lot full of cars as people take pictures of them with cameras. A man rolls a cage with a tiger inside of it. People look at the tiger.
Several people in helmets ride bikes through a hilly dirt track outdoors. The track is surrounded by tents and medical personnel watch. Spectators watch the race from tents around the track.
A person paints a bear face on makeup sponges. She does this using a red paintbrush, a muffin cup, paint, and a toothpick. She cuts out two ears and two pieces of felt and makes a sandwich out of the pieces.
A person walks outside and moves leaves away from the stems of a green leafy plant. He digs up the plant with a shovel. Text on the screen gives instructions for harvesting the plants.
Three guitarists and a drummer play rock music on an indoor stage. Two people sing into microphones. A fox mask is on one of the microphone stands.
Many people stand on a stage dressed in British costumes and animal costumes as a rainbow light display shines behind them. A man in a suit speaks to one of the men and the audience onstage. People clap, and one man proposes to another onstage. The men kiss.
Several boxes sit on a table. A hand holds the a box up and takes a package with four pills out of the box. He takes the directions for pill use out of the box, then puts the pills, box, and directions on the table.
This is a cartoon of a mom and daughter. Many clocks are shown as the narrator describes how the daughter found time difficult to understand. A new kind of clock is shown being used at school, businesses, doctors offices, and at home.
In a black and white video, a young woman surrounded by many other people stands in a gym. She walks up to a squat rack and squats a barbell carrying a lot of weight. People cheer as she finishes the squat.
Music plays. A blue background has many three dimensional letters and pictures spinning around. Birds flap their wings in place.
A man talks about a town hall meeting in a news broadcast. A man yells and points his finger as people watch and cameras look on. Footage of destroyed areas are shown.
A few men, one singing, two playing guitar, and one on the drums play rock music together as people on the dance floor run in circles.
Lights flash in a dark room. People can be seen in a crowd. Drums are playing. People wave their arms in the air as colored lights flash and spin.
Music plays as a digital picture of a woman is added to, going from a sketch to a near photo realistic picture.
A man in a suit and tie points at a blank board. A woman sits behind him. He speaks to a crowd. He talks and waves his arms at the board.
A one true media logo appears. Music plays briefly as a picture of a boy in the style of anime is shown. The boy has glasses and is holding a pen. The logo is displayed again.
A fancy buffet table containing lots of catered hors devours is shown. Music plays. A woman in a bridal gown is served food. Other people in fancy clothes eat from the table.
White text on a black background gives information about a robbery as audio of a report of the robbery is played.
A doughnut shape spins next to a geometrical patters. A yellow line moves across the pattern as the doughnut spins. The pattern and the doughnut spin. Music plays.
Baby in a rocking chair, in front of a table, holding a pencil. He is making noises. He drops the pencil, and gets out of the chair to pick it back up.
Test tube filling up with a mixture of potassium iodide and hydrogen peroxide. The chemicals react and change to a brown color.
Animation to demonstrate how to do push ups properly. The man is wearing sneakers and spandex shorts.
Activist blogger talking about how social media websites like Facebook and YouTube serve as tools for revolutionaries. She is standing in front of a wall of flags.
An iPhone with a cover on it is displayed and rotated. Hands wearing gloves open a package and show the case to the camera. The hands put the case on the phone and hold it up for display.
Spanish music video while Christian images are displayed in a slideshow format. Most are artistic depictions of Jesus, some are of the pope.
A first person view of a man riding a roller coaster. The roller coaster spins around and goes through some areas with trees close on either side. Other roller coasters as well as trees and the sky can be seen in the background.
Very hairy man stretching. He is sitting with his legs crossed and breathing. He puts his hands behind his head and bends from side to side.
Pong. Man talking about a website he enjoys called StumbleUpon. He uses it and finds a video of a bear that can't stay awake.
A man is fishing from a boat on a river. The man holds the rod in the water and catches a fish and uses a net to pick it up. He holds the fish up to be seen.
A hiking boot rests on the ground and a woman kneels down behind it. Only her hands and knees can be seen. She demonstrates a technique for tying her shoes.
A coloufrul liquid rests at the bottom of a test tube. Another liquid is poured in the tube and the colour becomes transparent. A hand puts a lit match inside the tube.
Video of mapping a three dimensional space from camera data. A camera is panned around a computer room, and used to generate a 3D model of the space.
Music plays and an image displays. The image is a cartoon of what appears to be superheros posing. There is a robot in the middle. Text displays in the bottom right corner.
Text and colourful backgrounds moves around behind a man standing and talking to the camera. Pictures fade in and out.
Couple looking at a mural on a wall. The art is a black wall with white diagram on it. The diagram has many arrows, and is titled Strategic Diagram for a Non Hierarchical Participatory Radical Democracy.
A man sits in a room next to a guitar amplifier and talks about the amplifier while moving it around so that the camera can see the features of it. There are a bunch of guitars hanging on the walls in the background. The scene changes to another man playing guitar to demonstrate the sound of the amp.
Boats. People in bathing suits. People jumping. Sailing on a boat. Rope swing. Sun glasses. Drinks. Partying.
A band is set up in a park under a gazebo. The band starts playing music. There are three guitarists, a drummer and a singer.
A clothing store. Dresses on display. Wrist watch. Girls wearing dresses. Jewelry. Racks of clothes.
A small child plays with a dog in a living room. They toss a pillow around to play with. There is a couch as well as some toys in the background.
there is a big car.we see all the sides of the car and then we move into its interior to have a look at its seat, transmission,dashboard etc.
a man with a long beard holding a wired microphone dancing and suddenly jumps and start shouting.he then bends on his knees and then start dancing.there are others who play different musical instruments.
there is a quad copter flying in the air.it then moves and we see the view with respect to the quad copter.we see the beautiful aerial view of the lake and houses beneath.then it lands.
a man speaks in a very little gestures made completely with his face and shoulders.he keeps on speaking the same way then we see the cameraman along with the man probably in the studio while making this video. then he shows several kinds of plants
there are few rods attached to the wall.then someone attaches a rod and then with the hooks to the attachment on the walls.he then keeps several things like he hangs his ropes, boxes,cycles and many things to the attachment.
A professor gives a lecture to a group of students in a computer lab. The students are not paying attention and are doing distracting things. They are doing things such as browsing the internet, chewing gum, sleeping or playing games.
it seems like some vehicle is been driven on the road.he keeps moving along the corners beside the cars.he then suddenly comes on to the car but doesn't hit the car so he continue his ride.
A computer screen displays text on a lined background. The user writes out numbers and equations on the screen with a highlighted mouse pointer.
A boy plays violin while wearing headphones. The screen is split up into three or four screens at a time of him playing different parts.
there is a squirrel seems like wounded ,covered in a towel and some one is holding it.then someone brings the syringe filled with some liquid to feed her.she feed that liquid slowing in her mouth directly. 
A man runs around in the woods and does jumps and parkour tricks. There are many rocks and trees as well as a stream that he runs through. He climbs to the top of a tree near a beach.
A man holds the camera and faces it at himself, then at a construction site. There are many people working on building a house. He walks around the unfinished house and talks about the plans.
A graphic of blood spilling and dripping displays. The screen shifts around and eventually text displays at the bottom of the screen.
A woman stands in a room and talks to the camera. She holds up a notebook and demonstrates the features of the book. She continues to show different books that have different crafty features to them.
A computer screen displays a person playing Minecraft. There is a lot of empty space but there is a small roller coaster that the person builds.
A man shows his dorm room. He demonstrates the shower and shows other details like the window and heater.
A kid rides a skateboard through a basketball court. He does a trick on the skateboard. There are houses, trees and basketball hoops in the background.
a woman holding a black cloth in her hand.she had a metal ring which she deformed using two pliers.then she attached a item to the ring and pierced into the cloth and corrected the structure if the ring using the same pliers.
there are group of people sitting around a round table with a a laptop in middle which is playing a video and helping them to construct them few things.these people are following the instructions given in the video to construct a thing.
there is a fat boy sitting in his bedroom and talking with a very few gesture and occasionally moving his hand and pointing it upwards.
there is a woman sitting on the floor along a man playing a different musical instrument.she is holding a microphone and singing ,waving her body and hand to create a feel for the song.
there is a big flock of birds flying in the sky.all following a particular movement and few resting on the dried trees branches.
a girl writing some thing in her book with a pencil and then she uses her hand to count .she talks and twist her head up and down.she also keeps her tongue out for sometime.
there are lots of fishes moving away from the flow of water.it seems like they are waiting for something.
there is a train coming to the station.lots of people are hanging to the doors of the train.it stops when people gets out and in to the train.people walk in the station while few sitting in the station.
there is a man playing a piano with both his hand in his house.he then adjusts few settings of the piano and then again plays the piano.
there is a man adjusting his collar and wearing a head band. then some one seems like searching something when a box starts to move.it moves only when the person is not seeing.
there is a man playing a piano from his notes .he is wearing a earphones and it also seems that he has connected his piano to the computer which seems like it is recording and analyzing how he is playing.
a man places a cardboard on the ground.he then starts moving is hand and legs in some way.he then jumps into a box and move to different place where he again seems like dancing.
A man stands in front of a car and talks to the camera. The scene changes to short clips of outdoor scenes. Some have people hiking in them. Short clips are shown of an image with text describing the hike as well as panning pictures of the outdoors.
Three men stand on a beach. One walks around and watches while the other two wrestle. The one man pins the other down on the ground and they struggle to wrestle each other for a while.
5 teenagers 3 girls and 2 boys stand in a row in what looks like a public music room and sing an a capella song.
A slideshow of apparently unrelated images plays while a mellow non English song plays, with lyrics appearing over the images as they are sung.
This is a clip from an animated children's television show, although it seems that large portions of the plot are being skipped, so it's difficult to describe what's happening. It appears to involve the characters getting trapped inside magical paintings.
A chef presents a recipe for a fancy grilled chicken sandwich recipe. The steps include marinating and grilling the chicken, as well as combining it and the ingredients to assemble the actual sandwich.
This video is simply a still shot of some sort of sci fi robot, while dramatic music plays. A text overlay gives the titles and artists for each piece of music.
A woman speaks tearfully about health care reform on a stage at some sort of political rally. 
Two young men in an anechoic chamber read off of their phones and rap at high speed while big band music plays.
This is an advertisement for some kind of musical event featuring a number of artists, and possibly located on a cruise ship. The announcer is speaking Spanish or Portuguese, so the details are unclear.
This is a video of a woman speaking before some sort of memorial service. The speaker is standing in a long stone courtyard, with both the spectators and the person filming positioned above her. A stuffed bear held up in front of the camera blocks most of the right side of the shot.
A brief clip in which a woman walks around a corner while singing and carrying a small dog. A bicycle is resting against a wall behind her.
This is a zoomed in video of the moon at night. The moon is roughly half in shadow, and the video barely moves.
An old man speaks into a webcam about a plan to require insurance as a prerequisite for gun ownership.
Vladimir Putin says something at some kind of military rally, and the assembled soldiers cheer several times in unison. After this, some music plays while the soldiers stand at attention.
This is a how to video describing how to use some sort of XNA feature in C++ code. The narration is not in English, so the specifics are unclear.
This is video from some sort of driving simulation game. The player repeatedly crashes into things and gets pulled over by police and arrested.
A woman sits in a chair while people attach bits of soft clay and string to her and the chair and table in front of her. There is an audience, so this appears to be some kind of performance art.
This is a blurry video of some people standing around a car on a snowy night. It seems like they may be trying to get the vehicle unstuck from something.
A man is interviewed about a shoe for which he seems to be acting as a spokesperson. The video is in French, so the details are unclear.
This is a black and white video of a man in a dressing room rapping at the camera while surrounded by his friends.
A woman's hands fold a piece of aluminum foil into a sort of spiral shape, using a glue gun to ensure it stays in place. She then uses this and some leaf shaped metal cutouts to decorate a sheet of paper.
Person playing a relaxing song on a grand piano. Only their hands and legs are visible. They are playing the song from memory.
Boat pulling a wake boarder behind it on a rope. The wake boarder does a flip trick. They go under a bridge. There is an audience on the shore watching.
Person drawing with shapes in a computer drawing application. They combine several rectangles, a star, an oval, and a picture to make something.
Black and white video clips from war. Military vehicles, artillery, explosions, airplanes, infantry, tanks, machine guns, and more.
Man holding up a package of floor tiles. He tells people not to use any additional adhesive on self adhesive tiles, and to make sure the floor is clean before lying down the tiles.
President Obama giving a speech about the Boston bombings. Security brought the president to a hospital to meet with victims. Interviews of people on the street about what they think of the president's visit.
People at a ski resort, racing down a hill on shovels. They are riding the shovel as if is is a sled, with the handle between their legs.
Man places his hand in a crocodile's mouth, then taps its bottom jaw to make it close. He does it again with another crocodile, which closes on his hand and does a death roll.
It is video of a person sitting in a car and talking. There is a map in the background. Then there are photos of a field near a river shown. After that a dusty rural road is shown and there is a house on side of that road. A rural area is show with lakes, trees and some small houses. That person sitting in the car is shown and he talks and picks up a board written youtube.
An asian female newsreader is sitting in a news room and reading news. Then there is a scene of a press conference with 4 people sitting on podium. One of those people is making a statement in the press conference. Then a video is shown of some accident site, filled with water. They show a broken power plant.
This is a first person view. Someone is riding a all terrain vehicle in a field. There are some people standing on that field. That vehicle gets stuck in a ditch filled with water. The driver struggles hard and with help of some other people , finally the vehicle is pushed out of the ditch.
A pink leash is put on a wet white dog by a man wearing blue shirt and then the dog is put on a towel. The dog tries to wipe itself with that towel by rolling all over the towel. The dog also shakes its body to shake off water.
Video about the extreme poverty and wealth gap in Hong Kong. Advertising an exhibition to raise awareness and do something about it.
A fast forward video of people doing something involving paint, paperwork, and bricks at a table covered in a protective sheet.
Video of a boy in a messy room doing random stuff. He is jumping around in and out of the camera. He is trying to skateboard. He changes the camera angle and tries again.
It is a scene of with many women with big utensils lying all around. Something is being cooked in those utensils. A woman wearing a pink coloured head scarf is reciting some thing on a microphone. A man is announcing something on a microphone and there is a big gathering around. A woman sits in middle wearing a headscarf and other women come and bring some gifts and give it to her after touching those gifts on her eyes. It looks like a scene of wedding.
Game play video from a vintage game. The video is completely animated and has a bear do stuff around a landscape with birds flying around. There are also laser beams that attack the bear.
Man fishing on a boat in the water. He caught something and is having trouble reeling it in. It is a large fish.
This is video of a swimming pool. There are some people standing around the pool. A woman swims backstroke underwater, and she covers the length of the swimming pool twice. She comes out of the water while trying to cover the length third time. She is very happy on coming out and smiling.
Presentation video for a woodwork product construction material. The video is all slides and has a man at the top of each slide with a house as a sort of slide template.
This is a French advertisement for something involving a dog. The video just consists of some text, followed by a short clip of a dog looking at the camera.
Recording from a beta version of a go kart racing game. The go karts are racing around a track in a grass field with trees around the perimeter.
This is a first person video of inside of an house. There is heavy rainfall happening, and the roof of the house is leaking badly. All the rooms of the house , kitchen and bathroom have roofs that are leaking heavily and there is water logging inside the house.
This seems to be some sort of amateur action movie riff, with two men staring at each other on a rooftop before pulling out pistols and shooting at each other. Eventually one of the men throws a grenade at the other, before flying away.
Video presenting a sketch of a man looking out into an ocean. There is a hill in the background. The man has a hand in his pocket.
People getting sailing lessons. A man goes back to shore in a boat with an outboard motor. He writes in the sand with a stick.
Screen cast of a music synthesizer software. The user is demoing the system, fiddling with it. Close up of some of the features is shown.
This is video of a machinery. A metal cutter is cutting a metal sheet. There is also a nozzle accompanying the cutting blade, spraying some kind of liquid. There is a screen display near the machine which shows the settings of the machinery. 
A man does parkour in various, mostly urban, environments. Rather than doing a lot of fancy tricks, he mostly just focuses on moving as quickly as possible from one point to another over various obstacles.
Parkour at a concrete structure that appears to be industrial ruins of some kind. Some of the parkour athletes are dressed like zombies. A human attracts the zombies with a flare and blows them up with a grenade.
Screen cast tutorial of how to mess with the facebook login page. The mouse is highlighted in yellow. The source of the page is shown. The browser looks like Chrome.
There are some people standing with green posters. There are some people standing with some banners and a woman is dancing and soon some other people join her. Some people are taking her photographs. This seems to be a big demonstration on some issue as many people are holding banners, dancing and playing music. A woman is then interviewed. At the end there is a shot of a little girl dancing.
A man on a stage gives a presentation on the increasing power of large scale computing to simulate and predict biological and weather phenomena.
Person demonstrating Google's spell correction. He shows that Google can even tell what form of a word to use in context, and that double quotes tell Google not to correct the word.
In the beginning of the video there is a photo of US dollars and then a woman sitting holding her face. Then the is an interview of a man in suit. Then that man gives a presentation on a projector and writes something on a white board. Then again the video shows an interview of that man , him giving presentations using a projector and writing something on a whiteboard.
A young man talks about and then hikes up a rather steep path up a large hill in Hawaii. The path itself is actually an old cable car railway.
Video of a guy dancing in a parking lot. It is dark and there is a streetlamp and a house in the background. There is a large hedge.
Man says he is going to make a sandwich. He opens the refrigerator. Then he makes a terrible joke about how he needs a woman to make the sandwich.
A man is feeding a huge bird in a farm. There are also some birds and goats in background . A woman is also briefly seen in the video.
Video of a woman teaching English. She is presenting a video with a slide beside her. She is talking into the camera. The slides present material.
Kid rides bicycle over a small dirt ramp, and tries to do a trick. He falls off the bike and crashes into the ground.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing. There are a couple of microphones in front of that man and that man is standing whole time. There are few smaller microphones infront of his hand. 
A girl goes through a number of tips on making persuasive arguments, using somewhat humorous examples from her family to illustrate her points.
Game play video. The player is destroying a city, moving around and killing stuff. He is mostly outside. Multiple machines are used.
Street intersection strung with caution tape, police officers, and a fire truck. The road is smudged with something red, possibly blood. The firefighters hose the road down.
Video of a car with a bad engine in cold weather. The car is generating too much exhaust, trying to merge into traffic from a railway crossing. A train moves along.
A mostly abstract pattern featuring clouds and some sort of spinning symbol shifts around on the screen while music plays. Toward the end of a video, a drawing of some sort of anthropomorphic rhinoceros appears.
A person is making a sandwich a restaurant. The person takes a bread puts some meat on it and then some cheese and then puts it in an oven. Then he puts a tray in the back and talks someone and then after taking out the sandwich from oven he put some toppings of olive,lettuce, etc. and then wraps the sandwich in a paper and heads over to the counter to bill it. A person is standing on the counter answering a phone.
This is a video either promoting or covering a farming equipment show. It mostly consists of an interview with a man discussing some technical points regarding mechanized farming techniques.
This is a first person view of a person riding a motorcycle. The person is riding on a countryside road and overtakes some cars and bikes on the road. 
Kohl's warehouse workers protesting their work conditions. They want better pay, unionization, more days off, and a number of other things.
Video of a man throwing chicken to a couple of lions in a zoo. The chicken sadly dies. The lions walk around with it quite a bit. There is a moat around the lions.
This is a computer animated video of a transparent ball rolling up to a person's foot and being absorbed. The video then zooms in on the foot.
Video of a baby feeding a black goat. The goat tries to eat something off his hand and ends up chewing the had as opposed to the food. The goat is probably confused. There is a boy in the background.
Tutorial on how to replace a flat tire on a car. He jacks up the car, unscrews the lug nuts, removes the tire, and installs the new tire.
This video shows a wall . There are many different king of electrical switches on the wall. Those switches seem very old and some of them are very artistically designed with metallic art work and designer border of the switch board on which the switches are mounted.
This is a several minute video taken from a sailboat riding on a large and fairly calm body of water. Despite the video's length, nothing actually happens.
Video of a camera riding around on the top of a toy car. The car goes around an empty parking lot, moving around the cars and other obstacles. The car tries to drift without a bank and topples over.
This a a video of people doing stunts on motorcycle. There are some shots of riders jumping their bike of a ramp. Then some people are racing bikes on a dirt track. Then the video shows people riding motorcycle to climb a small steep rocky mountain made up of boulders. There are many spectators in the background.
A woman talks to the camera about the problem of violence against native American women, amid a gathering of other people.
This is a clip from a video game of two men decked out in science fiction armor and weaponry talking to each other. One of the men appears to be an alien.
Lady doing the cinnamon challenge. she attempts to swallow a spoonful of cinnamon. Except instead of an ordinary spoon, she uses a ladle. She fails miserably and spews clouds of cinnamon everywhere.
The video shows some people unloading some stuff from a van parked at side of a road. There is a big building in the background. Then a person is interviewed. Then there is a video of some press conference in a big auditorium. A person stands up and gives a long white object to the people sitting on the podium.The conference continues inside and outside there is a white huge cylindrical chimney and some people stand infront of it to take a group photograph.
This video shows demonstration of a drilling machine used to drill holes in wood. Many wooden furnitures are shown. Then a man in red shirt talks and shows the holes drilled by the drilling machine. He also shows some kind of bottle.
Video from the Ellen show with Bieber. They are sitting and talking and then someone else is introduced to the show. A black car is shown and he attaches stuff to it interior.
Groups of people dancing in various ways in different places all over the world. One man is in all of the video clips, the other people are all locals.
Person backing a Ford Mustang car out of a tractor trailer it was being transported in. The car drives off.
The video some people cleaning the floor of an empty house. Then there is a man standing and talking to a woman and there is a huge white coloured role infront of them. Them open that role, it is a role of some kind of paper or leather. They cover the entire floor with that paper and cut the sides off with a small knife, so that it fits exactly into the room. After that they remove that paper, apply glue to the floor and lay don the paper again.
Video taken by a rider on a roller coaster. The roller coaster train hangs beneath the track, and does a number of loops and corkscrews.
This is a video shot in first person from some sort of very loud makeshift vehicle. After some preparation, the vehicle drives down a track at high speed.
Video of a girl interviewing someone. They are talking about a stage being setup in the background. They are outdoors in the sun. This is about a convert for kids.
This video shows a small wooden jetty with a bench on it. There is a huge lake in the background along with some mountains. A pipe is discharging some water into the lake. There is a house built on a wooden platform on the lake. There are two scuba divers with full equipment swimming nearby.
This is a how to video showing how to use visual basic and some of the video maker's code to save text to a DLL file.
Video of food. There is a sandwich and a salad being shown. The sandwich has cheese melting out of it. The salad is colourful and has all sorts of stuff in it. They are placed on a table with a setting.
A flooded park. There is murky brown water covering most of the visible park. The base of many trees are submerged.
Man in camouflage walking toward the camera in a grassy field. He says the camouflage has worked quite well for him in this environment.
Video of a woman ion an artificial background talking about stuff. A few screen shots of text are shown to support what she is talking about. This is some kind of a tutorial for search engine optimization.
The video shows a swimming pool . There is a glass house near that pool and there are white shutters on that glass house which cover the entire glass section of that room and then again open. It then shows a kitchen whose walls are made completely of glass and roof is also made of glass, and can be covered by a sliding plastic cover. Then there are some other living rooms and dining halls , whose walls are all made up of glass.
Rap song video. The actors are mostly outside and signing and stuff. There is a car. The are all mostly wearing scarves. There are some shots of them recording inside a studio.
A married couple from the U.S. navy reserve talk to the camera about their marriage and their involvement in competitive marksmanship, up to and including the Olympics.
The video shows a person wearing spectacles working on a computer and there are some books on his side. Then that person reads out from a book. In background there is a wall, which is covered completely with papers. stuck on it.
Animated video of a blob of liquid falling down and getting contained inside an invisible region. The liquid is red, the background is black and the field is within a white region.
Man going through his gmail. He is angry about an advertisement he saw on gmail, which is titled Uranium Stocks Go Nuclear. It is not clear why this makes him angry.
A person is sitting and playing a piano. The face of the person is not shown in the video. There is a paper infront of the person most probably a copy of tune that the person is playing.
This seems to be a trailer for a low budget indie movie about a hockey themed vigilante fighting crime.
Video of several persons climbing up a mountain. They are using hooks for safety. The video then shows several people falling down. They all have a harness of some kind. One person does not and falls into a running water, another into a lake.
There are some broken tiles on the floor. A small boy picks up those pieces of tiles with a shovel and puts them in a bucket. 
This is an advertisement for a high rise condominium in what looks like Florida. It features various shots of the interior and exterior of the condo, as well as the surrounding area.
Promotion video for household appliances. The video ends with a shot of a perfect family and contact information to purchase stuff. The video has a red background and the family in white. 
This is an advertisement for an appliance repair company which shows and narrates a repair call from one of the company's workers.
Video of an older woman talking about an experience. She is the only one on camera, indoor and is in front of trees that move with the wind. She is slightly animated while talking.
This video shows a first person view. It shows around inside of a house. There are some buckets of paint on the floor as well as a steel stair . A swimming pool is visible from the window of the house. The items in the kitchen are covered with a plastic sheet. The person then picks up a tile in the hand and shows. Then the person goes out and shows the garden and the swimming pool. Then the person shows the road outside the house.
Video of a toy car on a bed, moving around, controlled by remote. The car has the lights go on when moving forward. It moves back and forth across the length of the bed, It frontends the camera quite a number of times in its attempts to turn around.
This is a video from inside some sort of rock club, at which some sort of very harsh sounding metal band is playing. In addition to the band and audience, the video is full of flashing multicolored lights.
Man putting a nano SIM cart in an IPhone 5. The SIM card slides into a slot in the side of the phone, and can be released by inserting something into a small hole also in the side of the phone.
A man is standing in a room and talking. There is a cabinet behind him. Then a photo of battery is shown and person talks again. Then a photo of mobile phones is shown and the man keeps on talking again. Then a photo of first aid kit , an eye and ear protection device, a shotgun, a swiss knife and a truck is shown. All the while that man keeps on talking. 
Woman shows how to clean a stainless steel appliance. She recommends using Cream of Tartar and lemon juice, as she doesn't like using harsh cleaners on things which will be near food.
A man in a well appointed office talks to the camera about the development of a clothing factory operation in Liberia.
Video from an event. A bunch of people are singing and dancing on stage. They are wearing dark glasses and dark clothes. It appears to be a promotion for the xbox. There is lot of dry ice being used at the end of the performance.
There are some men wearing red jackets standing on a stage. A man in black jacket hands over microphone to one of them and he starts singing. Others also join him . After singing is finished one man wearing red jacket is interviewed on the stage. One man wearing red jacket is also wearing a strange cap.
People at a mall waiting for the release of some new device. The crowd rushes the door to try to get the new device. Police use pepper spray and batons to get the crowd under control and send everyone home.
The video shows a scene of some fire burning, some good food being served and some bands playing music on a stage. Then there is an interview of a man. Then there is a scene of a man putting something to bake inside of an oven and some people eating and talking and a person singing. At the end some food is shown. 
there is a phone standing straight using a stand.some one starts using its menu to perform some operations on it.
Band playing a song. There is a woman singing, an woman playing violin, a woman on guitar, a woman on keyboard, and a man drumming.
This video shows a woman making a sandwich at a restaurant. The woman takes a bread, puts some bacon on it then puts some cheese on it and puts some lettuce, pickles and some other stuff and wraps up the sandwich in a paper and puts it in a paper bag.
Animated video demonstrating how to perform the exercise Hindu push ups 
The video shows a huge building , then an elevator inside that building. A person first goes up to second floor and then again pushes another button on the elevator. Then the person enter another elevator and pushes another button. 
Person playing a first person shooter game. He is using a sniper at close range so as to get lots of one shot kills.
Canon photo printer printing out a photograph. A person places the photo in an illuminated display case.
there is a carrycot.a woman shows us how to use the features of the carrycot.she folds it,unzips it ,picks it.she even places it on a stroller frame.she shows how to fit a rain cover and mosquito net to the carryout.
Video taken from a car driving down a street in residential neighborhoods. They are driving on the left hand side of the road, so it is probably somewhere in Europe.
Video of a kid on a roller coaster taken by the person sitting next to him. There is a girl screaming.
a rodeo is preparing himself to the act. people around him opens the door.when a bull starts to shake until the rodeo sitting on the top of the bull falls down.
An electric car powered by laptop batteries racing against a gasoline muscle car. The electric car wins.
University racing team designs and builds a car and races it. They show off the car in a lecture hall. 
Man climbing a wall of rock by wedging his hands and equipment into a narrow fissure which runs up the face of it. There are almost no other holds for him to use. He falls, and the force of him falling pulls the girl at the other end of his safety line into the air.
A pair of scissors with very large red handles opened and closed. They are being shown off for a shopping website.
Man at a coffee shop talking about his pottery business. He makes coffee mugs and has a deal with this coffee shop in which they get to use his hand made mugs, plates, and bowls.
A man in a suit stands outside and talks to the camera. There is a building under construction behind him with a construction dumpster nearby. There are other buildings as well as a car behind the man.
there are three boys ,two of them are holding guitar in their hands and one of them is singing while these people are playing guitar.the all seems practicing in their dormitory. 
A flower waves in the wind. There is another plant to the left of the flower. The background is just dirt.
People stand in a circle in what appears to be a mall and play bagpipes. A woman dances around them and a man walks around while taking pictures. Many people are watching or walking by in the background.
he shows some article and then a old man stands before the podium and speaks to the crowd.he speaks in different places and before different crowds.
A girl appears to ride a skateboard next to a house and then return and turn off the camera. A large tree is in the background.
there are several people sitting walking and travelling in the city center in reverse.then a boy skates in the reverse direction and performs all kinds of stunts.
Christian man giving a presentation about a passage from the Christian bible. 
there are several electronic parts on the table.he then moves into the car and shows the places where the electronic parts has to connected to the car to produce extra lighting.
The inside of a refrigerator can be seen. The man holding the camera grabs cups and tupperware and demonstrates how to fix the refrigerator.
Woman makes stir fried shrimp over rice. She slices snap peas into long thin strips, and chops a shallot. Ketchup and sriracha are used as sauce.
Children appear to be on a field trip. They stand around and often talk to the camera. They then make sculptures out of clay.
A flock of eagles gliding lazily in circles in the Himalaya mountains. At one point they perch in a tree. 
a man wearing lot of winter gear with a bag and several more things on ground is talking while sitting in the forest.he then shows what he is wearing and what he is carrying.
A crowd of people is at a concert. Music plays and they dance. There are strobing lights shining on the crowd.
The exterior of a cathedral seen from many angles. The camera then takes us inside. The architecture is covered in elaborate artwork.
A band plays music at an indoor venue. There are two guitarists, a drummer and a singer. Only part of each of them can be seen from the camera angle.
Construction area on a road where there was an accident. A truck appears to have fallen off the road. There is a police officer overseeing things.
Animations and text display across the screen while a woman talks about marine pteropods. Molecules join and split in an ocean animation. There are many animations of earth as well.
there are two people working in the room which has something projected on to the wheels then another man seems holding a camera on to a tablet and other seems to be adjusting some device.
Short clips play of people enjoying the ocean in the summer. People are sunbathing, sailing, kayaking and swimming among other activities.
there are two girls standing on the stage.then they start dancing in sync.but they dance only with their feet.they don't even move their arm.
A man presents a house for sale. He shows around the property, then shows the inside of the house, as well as two shacks on the property.
there is a fat girl probably in her kitchen.speaking by a very slight gestures and occasionally using her fingers to point them waves them to stress on some word which she is speaking.
A man sits in the drivers seat of a car and opens a cell phone from its package. He places the battery in the phone and puts the case back on it. He turns on the phone and touches the screen.
there is a huge crowd,all dancing together in front of a old building. while others are watching them dance or recording them in their cameras.
A man demonstrates how to install tiles in a kitchen. He measures out the room and places the tiles, then rolls them down firmly and grouts them.
The cameraman shows the inside of a house while talking about it. Two men are in the house renovating it. The cameraman then shows the incomplete bathroom.
there are few boys and girls all standing in their living room all covered with gifts.and then they all start singing and dancing .while someone else is recording in their camera.when a man comes out of the boxes and proposes a girl in front of her.
A choir sings to an audience in a theatre. A pianist and violinist as well as a conductor stand before them.
A man stands in a kitchen and demonstrates how to make a sandwich wrap. He places ingredients on the wrap and then rolls it up.
A man stands and recites a poem to the camera. The video switches between different angles of the man talking.
Girl in a climbing gear store showing the various types of cams they carry. They are devices which wedge into rocks to hold you if you fall. 
there are few people on the stage.then people with their dogs start running in some formation on the stage.one of the dog dances and the other jumps on to the table.
Man assembling a hardwood floor. The pieces are built to interlock, and he is taping them together with a mallet. They show the finished floor.
A man talks to the camera and then presents a shelf that he built for video games. There are many games in the shelves, but also many in other places.
a girl rides a horse around the fence while a woman watching her do so.this seems like a rural area with few houses surrounding the fence.
A player piano plays a song. The keys can be seen moving up and down and a scroll with the notes rotates above. Another scroll rests on the piano.
Appliance technician talking about a customer who had a birds nest in their dryer vent. He says fires have been caused by clogged dryer vents. They also prevent the dryer working properly.
A man stands and talks to the camera. There appear to be ovens behind him. People can be seen walking by in the reflections on the ovens.
a man climbs the mountain while another man watches him climbing.the man who is climbing is wearing a helmet and lots of ropes and hooks around his waist.he then attaches the hooks to the rock with the rope. 
Boy playing the keyboard and singing. There are many pictures of Elvis Presley on the walls. 
A woman dries a dog off with a vacuum. Other dogs get brushed and pampered by people. There are many people doing the same things in the background.
a woman sitting in the wild.she uses a piece of cloth which she folds,wraps around her neck and then tie the cloth in the back of her head.
Short clips of text or panning images are displayed and then transitioned to new ones. The images are of beaded jewelry, often being worn by models.
a man playing a guitar while others are playing a different kind of instruments.then those who are playing guitar starts to sing.the whole place has colored lighting.
Man riding down a bike trail while videotaping himself and opening his messenger bag. He shows us an orange, then has a conversation with another rider on the trail.
Text displays and a man sings. Short clips play of a outdoor scenes. The clips typically have water in them as well as mountains, rocks, trees and boats. The clips change to people crowded in a house of worship.
a woman speaks while probably sitting ion her office or a government building.there are flags on her back.
A robot drives down a road, then walks through grass. Music plays and the robot continues to move about, mainly to demonstrate that it can both drive and walk.
a woman sitting on a chair in front of the wall having a big world map speaks about something.then shows some building and some articles.she seems like a news reader as she holds a paper from which she seems reading something.
A man demonstrates how to make a sandwich. He shows the ingredients all together, then clips with each step in the process of making the sandwich. He cuts up the sandwich and places it on a plate.
A man rides a mechanical bull outside of a building. The bull slowly speeds up and the man falls off. There is a car and some people on a stage in the background.
Music plays and someone demonstrates how to make a leather belt. Only the persons hands can be seen.
A man holds rulers and handles a piece of wood on a table. He measures the dimensions of the piece of wood.
Text displays on the screen. A woman is interviewed inside a building. She talks into a microphone. People stand in a group behind her and talk.
A woman is standing in a mobile store and talking. There is a white samsung mobile phone infront of her. She demonstrates some messaging app on that phone. 
Text and logos display on the top and bottom of the screen. Short clips play of people cleaning a house by doing things such as vacuuming and scrubbing a sink.
Text displays and a man talks. A animation plays of a woman catching many items and balancing them. She then picks up a heart and the objects bounce away from her.
A man is sitting in a car and talking. The man is also driving the car. The man is wearing a white shirt. 
A piece of chocolate rests on a material with a torch below it. A hand lights the torch and brings up the heat. The torch lights directly onto the material but the chocolate doesn't melt. The chocolate eventually lights on fire.
Music plays and an image displays. The image has a computer game character standing and holding a sword. There is also text displays and what appears to be a woman in a dress next to fire.
A video game of a first person character walking around a sort of maze. The person shoots a gun that makes portals appear and then walks through the portals.
A woman is sitting on a chair with a white rabbit on a table infront of her. There is also some hay on the table. The woman is talking. The rabbit is eating that hay.
People stand in a group and hold their hands up while closing their eyes. A woman goes up a man in the group and holds him.
This is a first person view. A person is driving on a mountain road. He passes through a number of tunnels. The road is very narrow and meandering. 
A female reporter is talking. Then there is a scene of many people protesting something with placards in their hands. There is also police on the scene. Then there is interview of few of the people. Then there is a scene of inside of an auditorium , there are some people seated on a stage. One person gives a speech using a microphone, still some people are protesting inside the auditorium.
Music plays and clips play of the outdoors. A woman walks around outside. She looks around and then takes her sunglasses off.
Men stand on a boat next to a large netted area in the ocean. They pull a tuna out of the water and kill it. One man cuts the fish open and pulls out the guts.
This video shows a sailing boat in middle of a sea. All the different parts of the sail boat are shown . After that a view from the deck of the boat is shown. The driver of the sailboat is holding a steering. There are scenes of the interiors of the sailboat. 
Short clips play of massive mountains and people on the mountains. People eat in a restaurant at the top of a mountain. Other people hike through the mountains and rest at buildings. There are also cows, goats and flowers.
A woman is dancing on a wooden floor. Many people are sitting in a circle around her and watching. Another man is standing there. After some time that woman stops dancing and the man starts dancing. The man does the robot dance. 
This is a first person view from drivers seat of a car. There are trees on both sides of the road and a bus infront of the car. Also , there are some other vehicles passing by.
A person plays a video game. The video game character stands in a town and talks to people. Text bubbles display at the bottom of the screen. The scene changes and the player battles monsters near a forest and a river.
A boy is standing in a room. There is a light on the roof above. At the end of the video the boy picks up a burger and shows it.
Music plays and an image displays with a lot of text and other images within it. The image transitions to have new images and text within it. There is always a picture of a man crossing his arms and a house under construction at the top.
Text displays in front of panning images of rugs. Some images of the rugs in houses are also displayed.
A man is standing on a stage holding guitar. Another woman comes and joins him. Then the man starts playing guitar and singing. The woman also joins him and they both sing. There is a TV monitor on the wall behind them.
There is a band comprising of 4 men standing of a stage. 3 of them are holding a guitar and the fourth man is on drums. They start playing and singing, There are some audience standing in front of the stage , they start dancing. 
This video shows a man with a pistol .He loads bullets into the pistol. Stands on the terrace of a building and pulls the trigger of the pistol multiple times but the bullets dont fire.
There are two kids in a room talking to a woman. One of them is standing and second one is laying on a bed and has a pacifier in his mouth and a soft toy in his hand. The woman then suddenly leaves the room and comes back and hugs a pillow. 
This video shows an indoor rock climbing studio. A man is trying to climb a wall and become upside down on the wall. Then there are videos of other people trying to climb the rock climbing wall. At the end there is a man walking on a rope. 
There are people with their dogs in some kind of show. They are all in a big indoor hall, there are many spectators surrounding them . All the dogs are black and are in standing position. A man in a suit roams around the dogs.
There is a little girl standing infront of a swimming pool . She is wet and there is a man swimming in the pool . She then starts dancing and jumps in the pool. Then the man helps her in swimming. There are some people sitting on the side clapping. She gets out of the pool and jumps back again and starts swimming. She then swims up to the man and then again gets out of the pool and stands next to the pool.
A woman is sitting in a room and talking. There is a bed behind her and on the wall behind her is a painting. 
Something is burning on the side of a road, while vehicles are passing by. A truck of fire brigade arrives accompanies by police cars. The fire brigade start .spraying water on the fire to extinguish it, causing white vapours. There is a long traffic jam as the road is blocked by the cops and fire brigade trucks. Finally fire is put off and a cylinder and a cycle are visible in the debris. Then the road is opened and a truck cleans up the debris. 
A racing car is unveiled in front of and audience outdoors. A man poses with the car. Then that man gives an interview. That man then does some autograph signing and also gives interview. 
Two aircrafts are standing in a hangar. Some people wearing a red t shirt gather in front of them and start clapping and dancing. They dance in a choreographed manner. There is a photographer taking photos. At the end they finish dancing and wave goodbye. 
Two aircrafts are standing in a hangar. Some people wearing a red t shirt gather in front of them and start clapping and dancing. They dance in a choreographed manner. There is a photographer taking photos. At the end they finish dancing and wave goodbye. 
Two aircrafts are standing in a hangar. Some people wearing a red t shirt gather in front of them and start clapping and dancing. They dance in a choreographed manner. There is a photographer taking photos. At the end they finish dancing and wave goodbye. 
Two aircrafts are standing in a hangar. Some people wearing a red t shirt gather in front of them and start clapping and dancing. They dance in a choreographed manner. There is a photographer taking photos. At the end they finish dancing and wave goodbye. 
A woman is standing and talking. She has many shoes in front of her placed on a table. Then she picks up one of the shoes and talks about it. She then compares soles of two of the shoes. She picks up other shoes also one by one and talks about them. 
This is a video of a road with many people standing on side of it behind a rope used to cauldron them off the rope. There are also some police men and a man in drag makeup walking around. There are some cars passing by on the road. That man in drag makeup starts dancing and poses for photographs. The people standing on the side of rope are holding some banners up while some cars pass on the road. 
An indoor exhibition area with many people and banners on the wall with photos of dogs. Some people are standing with their dogs. There are a group of people standing and posing. All of them wear blue t shirts. Then there are some dogs standing there. Then those dogs pull a heavy weight individually. Then there are interview of some people. Then all the owners are petting their dogs and they are awarded some prizes.
This is a scene of a beach resort. There are some water slides in the resort and some people are sliding down it. There are some buildings in background. Then the video shows a large aquarium with two large fishes in it.
A man wearing a white lab coat is instructing some kids. There are some people standing in the background. There are some jars on the table in front of the instructor. There is a moving robot in the room. The kids are then allowed to play with various scientific models and try out simple scientific experiments. There is someone instructing the kids all the time.
The video shows a river flowing in the middle of a city . Then a woman talks something. Then a view of a bridge across the river is show, there are some boats travelling in the river. Then plush interiors of some house are shown. At the end the woman comes and talks again.
In a cage there are two guinea pigs eating something from a bowl. One of the guinea bigs is black and other is white. There is something of red colour in the bowl. They then go to the other corner of the cage, come back and start eating from bowl again. 
Some people are standing on side of a street and dancing. Many spectator are watching them . A woman dancer then comes to the center , does some acrobatic stuff and moves back. Then another man dancer comes forward and does some contortions and acrobatic tricks . All this while all the spectators are clapping.
Two men and a woman are sitting and talking. One of the man is bald and the woman has pink dreadlocks. They are sitting on upper floors of a building and a city view is seen in the background. 
A man sits on the bonnet of a car and as soon as car stops he gets down. Then he and another man , both wearing caps start singing. This looks like a music video. These to men make some funny gestures and sing. Then the video shows one of the man standing in a room wearing sunglasses and singing. Then that man puts some kind of cream on his face. 
A man asks for a wallet from a woman on the side of a street then wraps up that wallet in a handkerchief and that wallet vanishes. Then that man a shopping mall and shows some card tricks to people. He has a pack of cards, asks other people to select a card from there and then talks out the same card from there wallet. This man is a street magician. 
This is a first person view from driving seat of a car. The car is driving on a town road and some people are walking on the side of roads. There is snow on the side of the road. 
The video shows a bicycle from different angles. It shows several close ups of the bicycle. A person then squeezes the mudguard of the cycle with his hands. 
This is video of a tiger enclosure. There are two tigers in the enclosure. One of the tigers climbs up a pole and then gets down . The other tiger then climbs up a pole and gets down .The first tiger in the meanwhile climbs a wooden platform. 
There is photograph of a baby on a wall and a young girl is standing in the room. and talking while making hand gestures. As she makes hand gestures other kids come out from hiding. It seems they are playing hide and seek. Then another kids closes her eyes and starts counting. When she opens her eyes she is standing outdoors in a garden. 
This is first person view from drivers view of a car during night time. The car is driving on a city road, and many vehicles overtake it including some double decker buses. 
There is a scene of a restaurant and some people are sitting and eating there. Then they show the lobby and some military personnel are standing there. Then there is a black and white photo of some old war. Then, there are interview of some men . There is an interview of a bald man in yellow shirt. Then there is a room with some military uniforms, a library and a room with photos of some military personnel. There is also a wall which is completely covered by name plates. 
There are some photos of dogs in beginning. Then there is a white dog playing in the backyard and fetching a ball . That dog then sits and tries to chew the ball. 
The video shows a car with a flat tyre. A man then opens the bolts of the tyre using a wrench and lifts the car using a car jack. He then opens all the bolts of the tyre and removes the tyre. He then puts a new tyre and tightens the bolts using the wrench and then removes the car jack . And then tightens the bolts of tyre further. So the man shows how to change a car's tyre. 
The video shows a man standing outdoors and talking. There some trees and a mountainous valley in background. The mountains are mostly barren and the man then walks down a narrow path amongst the mountains. He the climbs a pack of rocky stairs. 
A man is sitting on a chair wearing a suit and talking. The man is making some hand gestures while talking. There are some banners on the wall behind him.
A multi storied building is shown during night. Then a man is interviewed. There is very flashy lighting on the building. There seems to be some kind of some kind of party going on there. The building seems to be housing a fashion store and many people are photographed while arriving. Also many people are interviewed. There are clothes, shoes and sunglasses inside the store in the building.
A man is sitting in a messy room and talking. The man is wearing a cap and holds a file folder with lots of paper in his hand. He holds up the file folder from time to time and keeps on talking. He then puts down the file folder and holds a pen in his hand and makes some gesture with that while talking. 
A car is moving on a road and there are some antelopes standing on both sides of the road eating some food. There is also an ostrich eating grains. The car stops near the ostrich. The ostrich stops for a moment and then keeps on eating. The car moves further and spots a wild buffalo.
Two cats are sleeping on two chairs put side by side. One of the cat wakes up and starts nudging the other cat . The other cat also starts nudging and pawing it back.
A woman is sitting in a room and talking. There is a vase in the background with a green plant. Then there is a photo with some text on it. 
A man is sitting at the centre on a chair and talking. There are many kids standing all around him and there are some photographers taking his pictures. The kids are listening to him intently. 
There are small kids beside a swimming pool . Two of the little girls climb up a platform and jump into the pool and then swim across the pool's length doing backstroke. 
A woman is standing in a room and talking . There are some colourful paper lying in table infront and also two cylindrical boxes. She wraps up one of the boxes with a roll of paper and then applies some glue of the paper and sticks it all around the box. 
This video shows a first person view of a person climbing up old stairs on a dilapidated house. The house is in bad condition and most of its paint is gone. The person then shows the exteriors of the house. 
Bearded white man holding the camera at arms length to videotape himself, saying the phrase Money
Harlem Shake video. People playing basketball with a crowd of people surrounding the court. The people go to the center of the court and start dancing.
Man teaching how to change a flat tire. He tightens the lug nuts on a spare tire, and lowers the vehicle to the ground. 
Mountain biker riding through a forest. He splashes through a stream, weaves through trees, and gets some airtime.
Flock of birds flying in quickly a circle above a house. They are probably preparing for migration. 
People are rock climbing and repelling at an indoor climbing gym. A man climbs a boulder problem, then two others try and fail at the climb. Two men break dance on a small wood platform at the gym.
Girl shows how to groom a cat. She demonstrates on a teddy bear because her cat is sleeping. It is a poor demonstration because the teddy bear hardly has hair.
Text displays while animated images demonstrate what the text is talking about. The text and images continue to change. Some of the images have people, while others are of silverware and bottles.
Woman and man playing a song on stage. The woman is singing into a microphone, and the man is playing guitar.
Slideshow of muddy dogs. Picture of dog groomers next to clean, well groomed dogs. Silly pictures of dogs.
A woman reads from a piece of paper in a train station and a crowd of people repeat what she says. Police officers enter the crowd and take away the woman. The police officers carry the woman through the station and another man starts speaking out. The police officers arrest him as well.
A band performs at a concert. There is a singer that walks around the stage as well as a drummer and two guitarist. Colourful lights shine and change behind them.
Woman at a Presbyterian tent talking about how she became Presbyterian. There is a rainbow flag, and she is wearing a Vote No tee shirt, so it is probably a gay marriage event.
A woman talks to the camera. There is a helicopter behind her. Short clips play of a boat passing through ice. The woman gets in the helicopter and continues to talk. A man steps out of the boat and onto the ice and beats a seal to death. He then drags the seal to the boat.
Images of synchronized swimmers during the London Olympics display. The images transition from one to the other with special effects.
Hair stylist doing a girl's hair and talking about how he became a hair stylist, and the challenges of being gay.
Music plays and a still image displays. The image is of three men in a small room. They all have crazy haircuts. The one on the right is wearing sunglasses.
Short clips of people sitting in a kitchen or an office. They are often talking to or looking at the camera. People also shake hands.
A man quickly making many different types of sandwiches. He then demonstrates a ham and cheese sandwich more slowly, explaining each step as he goes. 
Stop motion animation of someone building with legos. It is a pirate themed set. They then animate the lego people running away from a tribal group. Most escape by boat, but one gets eaten.
Man performs a skateboard trick in which he hops onto a curb, then off it again, while flipping his board.
Home renovations. Pictures of the houses are shown before the renovation, when they are tattered and dirty. Then pictures of the rooms after renovation are shown. The walls are repainted, there are new light fixtures, new counters, new floors.
Celebration for Queen Elizabeth's birthday. Soldiers marching, but one of them fainted and had to be carried off in a stretcher.
Video from the perspective of a vehicle moving down a road, probably a bicycle based on the way it banks in the turns.
Person teaching some basic terminal commands on a Linux computer. Specifically, he is teaching the cat, less, and tail commands.
Woman standing in front of a book shelf reciting an anecdote about how incomplete information can be problematic. She talks about how a maid spent a long time gathering two dozen hangars, when she only needed two.
Wedding procession in a church, with bagpipes playing the entrance music. It is an advertisement for bagpipe lessons.
Party City advertisement about an Angry Birds themed party. Kids running around playing with angry birds balloons, and wearing angry birds masks.
Grandmotherly lady teaches us how to make a shepherd costume for toddlers out of a bath towel. She starts by installing grommets in the towel.
Party place where children can take pony rides, feed farm animals, and have pizza and cake. A children's birthday party is shown.
Video taken by a passenger in a NYC subway train. A decorative tile wall from one of the subway stations is shown.
Man referring to a diagram on a white board to explain the use of first, second, and third person narratives in English.
Computer simulation of a ride on a roller coaster, as part of a computer game. Animated passengers can be seen boarding the next train.
Man fishing in a pond from a dock with a pole and a net. He poses with the fish for the video camera, and the camera man laughs at him.
Snowy city. Plows have not cleared the roads yet, but cars are still driving down it. An american flag is visible in the background.
Overview of the Samsung Galaxy phone and it's features, produced by the phone service ting.
Man using marker and a white board to illustrate a talk about new drunk driving laws in British Columbia.
Breast stroke swimming race. The swimmers dive off the block into the water, and do four laps of breast stroke. It appears to be a high school event.
Video of a man answering questions in front of a gathering. There is an audience. They are indoor. Another person at the end of the room asks him a question. The man is behind a table.
Video of a giant red truck having it's tyre changed. There are three men working on this task. One of them is actually using the crowbar to do the removing. They are outdoor.
Video of a man fishing at a lake. The fish runs off quite a bit and puts a struggle before getting caught. The man is kneeling in the water before catching the fish in a basket.
Video of a large car drag racing. The car is inside an indoor stadium with a large audience. There is a bank at the end of the track.
Video of a man snorkeling. He catches a giant fish. This is a product advertisement video for an energy drink.
Promotional video for a sewing class. Several persons and the products they created are shown. There is some text shown between shots.
Promotional video for a service company that uses large vacuum cleaners to clean vents and pipes. A man is sitting indoors talking about the service. He is is wearing a white lab coat to signify the name of the company.
Video of a man doing trick stunts on a skate board. He does a kind of walk, jumping on and off the board.
Parkour video of several people practicing stunts. They are all outdoor, performing. They are at a university campus. The video appears to have been shot over a long period of time.
Video of a boy in a red shirt talking about stuff. He is making faces and showing emotion. He is mostly outside doing stuff. He is quite animated. It rains at some point in the video.
Sound track from an anime. The video features a still background picture. There are several women in multiple costumes with some text in the picture.
Minecraft video featuring the player move around a world. The world involves a lot of water pools. The player begins to fly at one point to see the overall structure. It is on an island.
Animated video featuring a close up of liquid y stuff that colases to form a logo. The video is completely animated.
Video of several people racing toy cars. They are standing around in one side with the remotes. There is a kid near the race tracks.
Interviews with hiking enthusiasts in Western North Carolina. Some of them are into waterfall hikes, or geocaching. All of them love the outdoors.
Group of people dancing to a mix of songs in an urban space. It is probably a flash mob. The onlookers are cheering.
Video of a bunch of Asian guys taking about stuff. They are in a studio discussing stuff that happens at a concert. They are pretty animated.
Video of a band playing. There are three members in a dark room. There appears to be a small audience.
Promotional video of the athletics team from a university. The video features interviews of athletes talking bout stuff. They are standing in front of a swimming pool.
Video of a ginger cat attacking a piece of rope with gusto. It is being teased by the owner. A black and white cat looks on, mildly interested. The cat catches the rope quite a few times.
Video of a boy trying to make a jump with his bike. He uses a ramp to make a small jump, scared of making a bigger one. They are in a forest.
Parody video presenting a cooking of seafood risotto. The man takes a bunch of things from the refrigeration. He then cooks them up in a pan. and presents them to his girlfriend, who breaks up with him.
Advertisement for an event celebrating artists from all over the world who use there work as a tool for social change. The event is described by various people speaking in a variety of languages.
Woman showing off a crappy house and acting like its actually good. The house's wallpaper is mostly ripped off, and it has no faucets.
Clips from the various events of the 2011 Special Olympics. Running, basketball, soccer, ping pong, golf, swimming, badminton, bowling, and more.
Kid doing tricks on a scooter at a skate park. He is going up a ramp and swinging the scooter over his head while in the air.
Comparison of smartphone cameras. People at a conference are taking pictures in a dark room with various cameras, and examining the difference in picture quality.
Bicyclists riding over a bridge. The bridge is built for bicycle and pedestrian traffic. Interviews with people about the bridge. The bridge also lights up at night.
Engineers testing materials under stress. A concrete beam is bending under the pressure put on it by a machine. The beam breaks in half.
Girl with her wrists zip tied together in front of her. She shows how to escape by snapping the zip tie.
A woman is standing on a podium and speaking. There are many microphones in front of her and there is a large audience listening to her . It seems she is giving a speech.
A man is talking and making hand gestures. The man has a beard and has yellow coloured marks on his forehead. While he is talking some text appears in the wall in the background. 
This looks like video of some parade. There are spectators on both side of the road behind barricades. There are cops guarding the area and on the road an open truck passes. There are many people standing on the truck and waving small flags. Also some cars pass on the road. 
This is a first person view from drivers seat of the car. The car is driving on a suburban road. The weather is cloudy and there is slight rainfall. There are many other cars passing this car and this car also overtakes some other vehicles.
A person is catching fish in a lake. That person is wearing a jacket, a cap and has a back pack. Finally the person catches a fish and picks it up in his hands.
This is video of inside of an house. There is a door, the person opens the door and enters. Inside there is a room where some people are standing and there are many card boxes in the room. There are lots of stationery items in the room and some people are working on laptop in the room. Also there are some paintings and drawings hanging on the wall.
A woman is standing and talking. There are some artwork kept on a table behind her and also some crafts work hanging on wall behind her. There is some kind of bronze ring in table infront of her. She marks something on that with different coloured markers.
A boy is standing in a room holding a guitar. He starts talking. After sometime he starts playing the guitar and singing. 
A man wearing red t shirt walks in an empty room of an house. A man in the background is doing some thing with wooden panels. Those wooden panels are shiny and silver coloured on one side. The man wearing red t shirt then starts talking to the other man. They both then sit down on the floor and talk and again stand up and talk. The other man then makes some holes in the wooden floor and then welds something.
A man is sitting on a sail boat in sea while waves are lashing him. He steers the boat in the waves. He is holding a rope while sitting on the sial boat.
This video shows some people trying to attempt backflip on a bicycle of a ramp. On first two occasions the cyclists fail and fall down while attempting backflip. On third occasion the cyclist fails again but doesn't fall and on fourth occasion the cyclist succeeds in doing a backflip .
A black car is stuck in snow it seems. There is snow all around, a woman s remove snow near the front tyre of car and gets in the car. She then tries to drive the car but the car doesn't move. She then gets out and pushes the car from behind , the car then slides and collides with a wall infront and a part of the windscreen of car is broken . 
There are two cats sitting near a red bucket. One cat moves out of the frame and then looks up. Both the cats are moving around the area and sniffing different stuff. One of the cat the stands on two feet with support of a wall, 
A man is sitting in the driver's seat of a black car and talking. The man is wearing a black cap and sunglasses. There is a house in the back. The sunroof of the car is open. 
This is a music video. A man is sitting and playing piano and singing. A woman is unconscious and taken on a stretcher to an ambulance and taken somewhere . One man is then playing guitar after some time one man is playing drums. The man playing piano is now sitting near unconscious woman looking very sad. Doctors give CPR to that woman and the woman wakes up after some time and smiles.
A man is standing and talking . There is a card board box on the table infront of him and many colourful adhesive tapes. He then picks up the box and shows it and then puts a file in the box and shows it. At last he picks a couple of rolls of adhesive tapes.
A man is talking while making animated hand gestures . Then there are some photos of a marathon with people running , some photos of injured people being carried away and cops running in hurry. There are also some pictures of some injured people in hospital. 
A person is holding a small black animal in his hand. That animals looks like guinea pig. Then that animal is fed some liquid by a disposable syringe. After the syringe becomes empty, it is again filled with some liquid and the animal is fed again with that.
There are two black coloured cats sitting on a bed. A person holds up a tablet computer infront of the cats. One of the cats first look carefully at it, then starts touching the screen of the tablet computer. There is a fish moving on the screen of the tablet computer , the cat tries to hit that fish with its paw. The other cat meanwhile watches all this carefully.
A man and a woman are sitting and talking . The chairs on which they are sitting have golden carvings on them. There is also a golden decoration piece on the shelf behind them. Both of them are smiling and talking. 
It is scene of a ground which is surrounded by trees. Someone throws a green colour frisbee in the ground , the frisbee goes very far and disappears into the trees lining the side of the ground. 
It is scene of a ground which is surrounded by trees. Someone throws a green colour frisbee in the ground , the frisbee goes very far and disappears into the trees lining the side of the ground. 
It is scene of a ground which is surrounded by trees. Someone throws a green colour frisbee in the ground , the frisbee goes very far and disappears into the trees lining the side of the ground. 
A person is standing on a podium and giving speech. There are people standing all around him holding banners. There is slight snowfall happening and the person giving speech is wearing a cap. The person making the speech makes some hand gestures while giving the speech. There are some people waving flags there. 
Some men are standing wearing red jackets , and standing on top of a red coloured open bus. Some of the men are dancing on top of bus. One man is holding a huge trophy. There are many people standing on the streets and cheering for them . Some people are also taking their photographs. It seems like a victor procession of some sports team. 
A girl is sitting on her bed and talking while making hand gestures. She then lifts her up leg to show her pyjamas and keeps on talking. She keeps on talking for the rest of the video. 
A person holds glowsticks and dances around with them. The person waves the glowsticks around in circles. Only the glowsticks can be seen. The person is implied.
A hand holds am iPhone in front of the camera. They hand appears to be wearing a black glove. The hand moves the phone around. There is a picture of a galaxy in the background.
The camera views a computer generated sail ship from on the ship. There are canons along the edges.
People are on snowboard at the top of a hill at an indoor snowboard park. One of the snowboarders goes down the hill and does a trick on a box at the bottom.
Simple animations play of people bicycling through a city. There are many cars as well as trees and buildings.
The camera zooms in on the back of a bicycle and specifically on a metal component that appears to have broken off. The cameraman moves the broken part to demonstrate.
A band sits together and plays music. They read music from stands in front of them. There are two drummers in the back and 8 brass instruments in the front.
A kid walks out into the snow in his front yard and does a handstand. Short clips play of bunnies in the house. The kid walks around a playground and performs stunts, typically involving holding himself in a strenuous position.
A man stands in a kitchen and demonstrates how to clean a refrigerator. He holds a cloth and sprays it with a substance, then scrubs the handle of the refrigerator with the cloth.
Short clips play of the outside of a church. There are trees in the foreground. People in formal dress walk into the church. A limousine drives up to the building. The scene changes to the inside of the church. People gather together and a woman plays piano.
Speed boats race across the ocean going extremely fast. Many other boats as well as helicopters and planes can be seen in the background. There are sometimes rocks in the foreground.
A web browser displays on a computer. On the website a video plays of a news reporter sitting and talking to the camera. Text displays on a black screen. The video returns to the website and shows an article with a picture of two men.
A rides a bicycle around an open area near a train station in a city. There are pedestrians and other bicycles as well as cars in the area.
A laptop rests on a bed. The cameraman holds a phone in front of the camera and clicks on icons on the phone. He then moves the laptop towards the camera.
A child hides on top of a garbage can in a building. The kid tries to get out of the garbage can and knocks it over. He crawls out and stands the garbage can back up.
Police stand outside of a building that has a ton of cars outside of it. There are police cars to the left. The police officers and some pedestrians walk around.
A girl walks behind a keyboard and starts playing. There are many posters of people in the background. She starts singing.
A hand holds a smart phone in front of a laptop and moves about the different screens. The hand shifts an icon to a different screen.
A man in formal wear sits in front of a blank wall and talks to the camera. He shifts his head around but there is little motion.
A kid runs around a city and performs flips, jumps and other parkour tricks. He does a flip over a railing on a rooftop and catches his foot on the railing. He misses the jump and hits his face on the corner of the nearby building. His friends and some medics come to help him. Text and an image display. The image is of the kid in the hospital.
People gather at a rally in a city. They are crowded in the main street of the city. Many are holding flags. A woman stands in front of a fence and talks into a microphone to the crowd. A tram rides through the crowd.
A computer generated car drives down a road. The video zooms in on the tires of the car and things light up and highlight on the tire while a man talks about the tires.
A girl is sitting on her bed and talking while making hand gestures. She then lifts her up leg to show her pyjamas and keeps on talking. She keeps on talking for the rest of the video. 
This is a slideshow of sorts that very quickly shows every page of a book, with some additional text before and after.
A song plays, and the lyrics appear against a black background, occasionally interrupted by a still black and white wedding photo.
A man does various parkour tricks in a variety of outfits and urban settings. These particular tricks focus largely on flips and flourishes, rather than efficient movement.
This video shows some clips from a first person perspective video game, in which the player is chased by a monster and sometimes other players while firing various guns at it.
A group of people, mostly women, sing and dance in unison at a street protest, while others watch or stand in the background and hold signs.
A counselor gives advice and instructions to a number of high school students participating in some sort of program to help them put together their college applications. One of the students is interviewed.
Two men in martial arts uniforms demonstrate a number of techniques for disarming an opponent attacking with a sword or staff, while others watch. One man then repeatedly throws a group of other men students who are mock attacking him.
This seems to be an amateur movie scene in which a teenage boy goes to sleep with a gun hidden under his pillow, then wakes up and shoots a knife wielding intruder.
This video is a narrated computer screen capture demonstrating how to transfer files from one portable hard drive to another.
A Ford representative at a car show talks about a new engine which is intended to be both powerful and efficient. In particular he is showcasing a Formula 1 car using the engine, and the video consists largely of shots of the car both in a showroom and on a racetrack.
A man stands outside and rakes a yard. He talks to the camera. Short clips of a yard are played. Brick walls and stone pathways are under construction. The man walks up to a fountain and then walks through a store, all while talking to the camera.
Music plays and an image displays. It appears to be the album cover of a video game soundtrack. The image is an orange background with black paint splattered on it and text in front.
The cameraman is taping the waterfront just before or after a hurricane comes through. The water is very choppy and is splashing up onto the mainland. Boats rock around in the water. People stand around an ambulance parked near the water.
A man reads text on the screen. An image of a book on a stand displays in the upper right corner. The text changes as the man reads.
A man sings a song while playing a guitar. He is sitting in a desk chair in a study and appears to be reading lyrics from something.
A woman holds a camera towards her face and talks to it. She is in a bedroom. She turns the computer towards a computer screen and scrolls through an article with images and text. The images are of vehicles and factories.
A camera views an aeroplane wing from on the aeroplane during liftoff. The camera looks around the cabin, at the pilot, and out the other window. They are flying over a body of water with large sheets of ice floating on it.
A kid sits at a computer and laughs. a short clip plays of a woman dancing. Kids ride around an indoor skate park and perform tricks on skateboards. Other kids sit on the side and watch.
A man sits at a desk. There are sheets of paper with fine text covering the the walls and books on the desk around him. He smokes a cigarette, then reads from a piece of paper in front of him while looking at the camera.
A kid rides a skateboard through an outdoor skate park. He performs some tricks and then runs off of the skateboard, onto the grass, when the cement ends.
There are two dogs a room. One big dog and another small dog. Both are barking on each other. The small dog then chases the big dog . The dogs then bark on each other and play around. The big dog then brings a piece of cloth in its mouth and starts chewing it. 
A woman holds two soda bottle caps . In table infront of her is a steel block and a hammer. She picks up the cap and places it on steel block and starts hammering it until it flattens.
Two people are standing on side of road and playing guitar and singing. It is night time. Some people are standing around them .A man comes and hugs one of the singer. All the people are smiling, singing and having a good time. 
A man is talking on the roof. There is a man jumping over obstacles from on the road. He also jumps from one building to another then climbs up buildings acrobatically. He runs on railings , jumps from building to the ground. The man seems to be doing parkour. In the end there are three men are playing with basketball.
A man is sitting on a couch and talking. Then there is a scene of a street with people walking around. Then another man is sitting and talking. Then he starts talking and shows a news paper article. Then some more news paper articles are shown. 
There os a barren mountain valley with deep gorges. The mountains are red coloured and there is hardly any vegetation. 
A woman is standing in a store and talking with a strange scientific equipment in background. Then some scientist are standing in a scientific lab and developing that equipment. That woman is also one of them. She then talks about that scientific equipment. 
An automatic rifle is shown from different angles. The rifle is kept in a case. A person picks up the rifle and shows demo of different parts and how to change battery. That person also shows the magazines for the gun . At the end a man fires that gun multiple times in a firing range.
A band is playing instruments and marching on a street. All the band members are wearing colourful costumes. They are all pulling a cart which is connected by a long wooden handle. 
A man wearing white coat is standing in front of a screen with photo of a horse on the screen. The man has a stethoscope on his neck .The man looks like a veterinary doctor and keeps pointing at the horse on the screen and talking. 
This is a black and white video of cooking. A woman shows how to make a sandwich . She places bread on table. Then puts some toppings on the bread and shows a collection of knives . She then cuts the bread using a huge knife. In the end the bread is cut but also her fingers which are there in the plate. In the end she stands and smiles. 
A man is sitting on a chair in a graden and talking. There are some trees behind him. The man makes some hand gestures while talking .
A computer screen has excel open. A man talks while he clicks around the screen and adds text to the tables. He opens setting boxes.
A computer screen displays a computer screen. Simple graphics display as well. One is of a car, another is of a human face. The video transitions to a man in a suit sitting and talking to the camera.
People appear to be at a local food festival. Individuals are interviewed about the food. There are short clips of pedestrians or of food such as honey and blueberries.
A woman and a man stand outside and talk to a camera. Short clips play of them shooting guns at targets at both indoor and outdoor shooting ranges.
A computer screen displays with a web browser open. In the bottom right there is a video of a man sitting in a chair and talking to the camera. He clicks through the web pages and talks about them.
Short clips play and images display of the aftermath of a car accident. There are firefighters standing around nearby. Text displays in front of the video. There are ambulances and fire trucks surrounding the accident. An ambulance drives away.
A man in a truck drives up to a woman and talks to her. The dialogue displays as text, rather than playing, like an old style movie. The man follows the woman through the woods and tries to murder her. She sits down next to a tree and then spots the man and finds him. She appears to murder the man.
Two men stand in a house that is under construction and talk to the camera. The camera looks around the inside of the house, then back at the men.
A woman sits on a couch and plays a guitar. She starts singing as well. The couch has a flower pattern on it and the wall behind it is blank.
People make craft products outside. Short clips with animations or images of the finished products. A man talks about the items.
A man is sitting on a chair in a graden and talking. There are some trees behind him. The man makes some hand gestures while talking .
A car is being driven on a road. There is a boy and a girl in the car. Then they enter a room. There are also scenes of a restaurant. The boy then sits down and talks on a microphone. Some photos of the girl are shown in the meanwhile the boy keeps talking on microphone. 
There are some machine parts lying on a table. A man picks one of them up and points out something in it. Then he shows a plastic box containing some black shiny material. He then opens the box and fills one of the machine part with that black material and closes its cap. He then tighten the screw on the cap of that tool. 
A man is sitting in a room and talking. Then a woman is sitting in another room and talking. Then the first man returns again and keeps on talking. There is a refrigerator in the background. 
Scenes of beautiful mountains and forests. Then there are scenes of natural rock formations , geysers and waterfalls. Then there is a scene of snowfall, forest and a desert. In short this clip shows different places with natural beauty. 
There is a normal car and a tiny car. Both the cars stand at the start of a race line and drivers look into each others eyes . Then both of them start racing . They do some spins and drifts in their cars. There is a mannequin of a woman riding a toy tiger on the track . Both the cars go around it. The mannequin falls down. Finally both the cars enter a big empty garage, do some drifts and leave.
A man is standing on beach and bouncing a stone in his hands. Then the man runs on the beach. Then there is a scene of an examination hall where a boy stands and leaves. Then there is a scene of a basketball court and a conference hall. Then a man is working out in a gym. Then a man is running on a road. The man throws a stone. A man is celebrating with two trophies in hand. 
Many people are dancing on a beach. Then there are different group of people dancing in different locations with different costumes. There is also a man dancing with an elephant and the same man dances with a robot. That man also dances in a jungle. He also dance with kids. 
A gorilla picks up something and sniffs. Then the gorilla starts spinning . Then there is a dog skateboarding, a bettle on a tree , a hippopotamus in water and a bird dancing and a panda dancing . An elephant is painting a picture with brush in its trunk. Two tiger cubs are sleeping with a dog. There are birds surfing water and a tiger being chased by tiger. A monkey is doing marshall arts kick . Hippopotamus are swimming under water. In short this shows funny videos of animal kingdom.
A gorilla picks up something and sniffs. Then the gorilla starts spinning . Then there is a dog skateboarding, a bettle on a tree , a hippopotamus in water and a bird dancing and a panda dancing . An elephant is painting a picture with brush in its trunk. Two tiger cubs are sleeping with a dog. There are birds surfing water and a tiger being chased by tiger. A monkey is doing marshall arts kick . Hippopotamus are swimming under water. In short this shows funny videos of animal kingdom.
A young boy makes a sandwich using mayonnaise and some sort of meat. At one point he stops to wash off the spoon he used to spread the mayonnaise.
This is a series of clips of professional soccer goals, possibly all from the same player. Some of the goals are accompanied by announcer commentary.
This is a screen capture video of someone editing something in the windows registry through a virtual desktop.
This is a still image of some sheet music. A short piece of classical music plays over it.
A middle aged man talks to the camera about his work with a land use and homeowner policy lobbying group.
This is some sort of outdoor fair or event. Mostly we see people eating or waiting in line for food under a set of canvas canopies. We also see some people grilling hamburgers and hot dogs.
This is a short advertisement for an appliance repair company. It shows a still image of some men repairing an air conditioner, as well as quick shots of several other types of appliances the company can repair.
This is a series of clips from a combat flight simulator in which WW1 era biplanes are dogfighting with each other.
Some young men are crouching in a circle in a park of some sort, speaking I think a scene from a Shakespeare play.
A series of still images play, while a man sings a rock song about seeing his girlfriend in internet porn.
a woman wearing a bikini in her living room and sitting in her couch ,talks about some thing.she waves her hands and her faces appropriately.
there are lot of people sitting around the table.every one seems to be writing,listening or reading some kind of material.this seems like a conference with a water bottle in front of each person on the desk.
this seems to be a busy road with lots of cars and trucks.then you can see a car standing up right covered by many police cars during night and in the morning the same car is covered by police man trying to investigate whats happened on the spot.
there a two teams playing basketball in the basketball stadium all covered by lots of people around the ground and few even seeing the match from top.we see players dribbling the ball and making a basket.at last one player seems to dance after making three baskets in a row.
Many kids are standing with drums on a stage of an auditorium. There is a large audience sitting in the auditorium. A music conductor comes and starts making hand gestures. All the drummers start drumming and the music conductor leads them with hand gestures. At the end the music conductor takes a bow and the audience clap. 
you can see a group of people exercising and getting trained together.they are being trained how to defend the spry attack.all people are wearing a black dress and fighting so that they can master that skill .
A girl comes and sits on a bench in a park with guitar. Then she starts strumming the guitar and singing. 
a man holding a cup of beer .he then shows us a book and speaks about some things while sitting in a couch probably in his living room.
A man is driving a big tractor in a field. He is driving the tractor slowly and in reverse. After some time he starts moving the tractor forward. 
there are two man talking to each other while a person standing back of them seems like he is waiting for something.one of the man seems like he is telling when and how to use a whistle.
A girl is standing in a room , making hand gestures and talking. Then photos of two cats are shown with the photo of the girl at bottom of screen. One of the cats and the girl have similar facial expression.
there are two people wearing a bikini .one is a girl and the other is a elder woman both enjoying a dip in sea.and a boy standing and seems like he is waiting for waves to come and wet him.
In a lecture hall a man is standing and giving lecture. There is a projector screen in the background. There is a large audience in the lecture hall listening to this man. The man giving lecture shows something in the screen and talks. At the end the man finishes giving lecture and everyone clap.
This is view of a street. Many pedestrians are crossing road at traffic light. A dog also crosses the street. Then traffic light becomes green and cars vehicles start moving. After sometimes traffic signal becomes red and people again start crossing the street.
a person brought his book and a pencil starts to draw some figure by holding the top of his pencil.initially it seems like a persons head then it looks like a bird and a man together.
A boy is skate boarding on a boundary wall. Then he tries to jump down from the wall while skate boarding and falls . He tries the same again and falls. Then he throws away the skate board , picks it up and again tires to jump off from boundary wall but again fails and falls. 
there is a very clear sky with a moon on its far end.then the person shows the landscape from where he is recording there are several trees surrounding a lake.it also has a road coming near to the lake.lake seems to be pretty dried up.
A man is standing and playing guitar and singing. There are some people standing in front of him. There is colorful lighting in background and it looks as if he is singing in a nightclub or pub. The man keeps playing guitar and singing while moving his head. 
there is a set of buckets linked one after the other from the top.water passes through the buckets.it seems like it is used not to spill the water out from the desired location.the whole scene in probably in someones backyard.
a man and a woman stands beside each other.the man and woman stand still for a while as if they are waiting to be photographed and then he makes few small gestures and starts to explain about the products surrounding him.
A woman walks through a wood wearing a white dress and a white crown.The dress also has two wings attached to it on the back. She then stands on a mountain and talks . There are some people standing and sitting around her and talking to her. She is also being photographed. In the end she holds her flowing dress and climbs down a rocky stair case and walks through woods. Then she is talking to some people in the woods. 
a man holding a microphone and wearing a coat is talking in front of a crowd surrounding him in all directions .every one is listening to him.then he starts to interview few people and asks some question to them.he then continues to speak to the crowd.
a man wearing a coat talks about something.it seems like he is reading news.he is shown from different angles in the video.
Floors of empty house are shown. Then some cardboard boxes are shown. Then a pile of wooden flooring panels are shown. Then a paper is spread on the floor of the empty house and then those wooden panels are attached to the floor using drills and hammers and nails. After that some smoothing and polishing machine are run over the floor to get a nice finish. In the end some kind of liquid polish is applied to the floor .
A man looks through the peephole of a door. He and his friend brace themselves to break the door open. The door is broken open from the other direction and a man fights them and runs away. They chase the man around the building and across rooftops. They are often doing jumps and tricks while running.
there is a couple moving toward the beach.then the man seems to unbutton his shirt and starts removing shirt after shirt ,which he was wearing.each shirt had some text written which he was showing to the girl.he then propose her by kneeling down.
A band is playing a song. They are either in a blank room, or cropped into a video of a city where they are as tall as the buildings. Colourful but opaque letters and shapes float about in front of the whole video.
here is a street which is narrow enough to allow only one car through it.and the cars are parked on one of its side which also had a sign board saying some thing.
Some people are standing in front of a building. Suddenly two girls start dancing. Then two more girls join in and start dancing in a choreographed manner. All the people around start watching them. Then some more women and a man start dancing. Then the dancers pull a woman sitting in front to the man and the man makes a marriage proposal to the woman , and then they kiss. All the while dancers are dancing. At the end there is a photo of facebook wall.
there is a big crowd walking on the road.and a small group from them seems like pushing a game console through the road while other people walking.
A man is standing is a room and talking. There is a white curtain behind him and white sheet on the floor as well. He then bends his his and then bends his upper body down wards and moves his head sideways.
there is man standing in front of a book shelves. talking about some thing.then a man holding a brush in his hand tries to paint on the canvas.his room is covered by different portraits.and then some one seems to draw something on a small paper while sitting in a desk.
A man is sitting near a car holding a Tyre and talking. The car doesn't have a front wheel. The man fits the tyre in the car and tightens the bolts with the help of a wrench.In the end he again talks.
a man wearing a coat interviews a person and ask him some question to which the other person answers something.then he invites a girl on to the screen.now the other man talks to the girl. and propose her.
there are people standing on the bus and dancing while the bus moving.one of them is holding a trophy and the other is holding a camera in his hand.the bus us surrounded by a huge crowd all waving the flags and enjoying with them.
A person is standing on a hill slope and there is a small house and some people in the background. He then starts running down the slope and the is a para glider behind him. Soon he lifts from the ground and starts paragliding and travels far. 
there are lots of small coin batteries.some one uses two pieces of metal on to the battery when the reading in the machine beside the battery shows some values in its screen.he then shows and LED. 
An old man is sitting in a room and talking. The man is wearing spectacles and there are ropes coming out of the spectacles which act as holder . At the end man finished talking and shuts down the camera.
This is scene of inside of a shopping mall. Some people are talking there standing, some are sitting and some are walking around. Then view of a street is shown with some cars and outside of a store is shown.
there are two cats sitting on the floor.there is a straw with them each holding one end.each pulls the straw until one gets the whole straw.
there is a girl talking about something.she seems like a student as she was wearing some kind of a uniform.then there is a school with people playing and enjoying.
Police are dragging a man away. Then police are hitting two women lying on the ground with batons. Then there are man protesters whom police are hitting with baton and firing tear gases upon. Then the police push a man on the ground and beat up another man brutally. All the while there is a slideshow going on in the side of the screen. This video shows police brutality.
there is a group of people in a studio.they have different sets .here two people sitting in a car like set. one holding a steering in their hand and rotating it.then a person holding a baskets speaks about some thing with the other guy who he meets.then a boy and a girl meets together and talk about something. 
there is a woman standing on a stage speaking ,while standing in front of the microphone.she wears a big scarf.
A woman is sitting on a bed in a room with a small bottle in her hand. There are two bottles on the bed in front of her. Then she picks up on of the bottles and mixes the contents of it into another bottle and then she also mixes the content of third small bottle into that bottle. Then she puts liquid from a big bottle and pours into it all the while talking about it. 
Someone travels out of a forested area into a suburban neighborhood. He then climbs up a stair of a deserted house. He goes inside the house , the house is badly destroyed and broken from inside and the stair of the house have plants growing on them.
a man pics a ball which he throws on to a girl with a dog beside her.she then throws ,while dogs jumping for the ball.then a different ball rolls by a sleeping person.which he passes to a man sitting on a chair.he then passes to a man who was talking in a phone to the man who started the game.
a man sitting in front of a wall containing lots of pictures stick to it.he talks and keep on speaking by waving his hands and excessively nodding his head.
Some people are putting some packets in the back of a truck. Two people are standing on the back of the truck and loading packets on the truck. Then those people unload packets from a truck. Those packets contain manure. They open the packets and spread the manures near roots of plants and level it with their hands. 
A woman and a man are standing in a corridor and the man is talking. After some time the woman also starts talking. 
there is a machine holding a big cube of metal, trying to carve a grove in the cube.while carving it shoots out lot of waste.
A bearded man wearing a skull cap is standing in a room and talking animatedly while making hand gestures. There are two microphones in front of him and a staircase behind him. 
a car stops in front of a wall.then all the cars seems to work ,park.few cars were sinking in the sea.and few were going in the elevators.the others were being driven on the road.
A boy is skateboarding. Another boy is standing in the background. The boy is starts skateboarding, hops onto a boundary wall and keeps skate boarding on the boundary wall and then gets down the wall. 
View of a lawn with a house in the background. Then a scene of a hill is shown. Then exteriors of a house is shown and then interiors of a house is shown including dining hall and kitchen. Then a swimming pool is shown.
a woman sitting in a chair in a beauty saloon. she is probably changing her color of the hair to which the others are helping her.then she smiles.in other shop the woman seems to searching for some thing to which man is helping her to find something.
it seems like some one is moving in the tunnel until the tunnel ends and then he returns back to the place from where he has started.
Some people are sitting in a room and talking. Then a kid comes and start dancing. No one notices him. Then suddenly everyone stand up and start dancing crazily.
a man is punching the other mans hand.the other man seems to defend his moves.he speaks alone while he is practicing in his gym.
A man is standing and talking. A little girl is standing near him . She picks up a plate , there is a bread on the plate she picks a knife and applies butter on the bread using that knife. She then licks the butter off from the knife and starts smiling. Then she puts another bread on top of that bread and gives a high five to that man.
A woman is singing and dancing on a stage. There are some other dancers wearing white shirt and white pants dancing on the stage.Then dance in a choreographed manner. The background is red. 
there is a small boy walking in the snow.while a man sitting in a car trapped in all snow ,starts driving the car but it rolls.he then slides a plank beneath the plank so that he could move his car.he shoves some snow beneath the car so that it could get free.
A man on the inside of an passenger aeroplane. Then the man makes an announcement in the flight. He then goes and proposes to a woman sitting in the plane and puts a ring on her finger. Then there are photographs of wedding and that man and woman on a beach.
a person play a piano while sitting in his home.he uses one hand at a time .he shift alternatively.he changes the controls and play again.
It is night time and cars are moving on the street. A car comes and stops that car has lights on its wheels. And the color of those lights keep on changing. 
a man uses a iron rod to pull the tire out of the rim.he them removes the tube and cleans the rim.he then fills some air into the new tube and fits it inside the tire.he then fits the tire to the rim using the same rod and fills the tube completely.
A man is wearing a blonde wig and fake mustache and standing in front of a building and talking on a microphone. There is snow all around and that man is wearing a cap. Soon his cap flies away due to wind and he runs to get it. He then starts singing animatedly in front of the building. He then walks into the building. Some people are sitting there working on computers. He interviews a couple of them. He then goes up to a vending machine and talks . He then buys something from the vending machine and interviews a woman who is passing from the corridor in front of vending machine. 
a shows a bracelet.she points to some details of the bracelet.she shows the parts used to make such a bracelet.she chooses some metal spheres and colored chords.she fits the parts one after the other to make a bracelet.
Some people enter a room and sit on chairs placed on a stage. There are many flags behind them. There are microphones in front of them and many people are standing in front of them with cameras and microphones and recorders. It looks like a press conference. In between a footage of a round table conference is also shown.
a woman standing in a kitchen.pours some liquid in a bowl.she takes some green leaf vegetables into a big bowl adds some shrimps mangoes and add some condiments to the liquid and pour it into the big bowl.she stirs the vegetables.
A man is standing on a stage and speaking on microphone. There are many empty chairs beside him Some people come and sit down on those chairs. Then a man seated on the chair speaks for the rest of the time.
a dog wearing a colorful cloth on its back seems searching for something.it then suddenly starts running and gets into a box.
a boy wears some kind of a costume and comes on to the stage.then a woman speaks then the same boy starts to play drums and sing in front of the microphone.while the crowd standing before him.
A man is standing and talking. There are trees visible in the background , outside the window. Then a woman is standing and speaking. Then there is another woman standing and speaking.
A man is sitting in a television studio and talking. There are mountains visible in background outside the window. He flips over some papers and reads something from them and keeps on talking. 
there is a huge crowd dancing in red colored lights then the lights start fluctuating while a man on the stage dance as well.then there is a beam of light seems glowing.
A boy is holding a fishing net and spinning it in his hand. Another boy kicks a ball and this boy catches the ball it a fishing net. Then he takes out the ball in hand and holds fishing net in other hand and talks. Then he tosses the ball back into fishing net. 
A man is sitting in a room and talking . There is a wooden table in front of him. He rests his hands on the table while talking.
A man is a horse in an indoor stable and talking. He is wearing a hat. There are some other people riding horses in the background. 
A person is sitting on the floor of a messy room. There are all kinds of things lying around in the room. The man slowly stands up and starts dancing. He does some waves while dancing. The man is wearing a hoodie and a mask. In the end man slows down dancing and slowly sits back on the floor again.
Five men are sitting in an old room and playing musical instruments and singing. Four of them are playing guitars while one of them has a drum. They have microphones in front of them .There is also a piano in the room. 
A person is holding a baby rabbit in his hands. he then feeds milk to that baby rabbit using a disposable syringe. Then he massages the belly portion of the rabbit. He then places the baby rabbit on a towel and shakes his hand and then again picks up the rabbit and massages its stomach.
A woman is standing and talking. Photos of chicken tomatoes , cheese and sauce are shown. The woman is cooking something using these ingredients. The woman applies butter to bread then puts meat and cheese on the bread. She then puts lettuce and tomatoes on the bread and put another bread on it and cuts the bread into half using a knife. Thus a sandwich is prepared. 
A woman is standing in a room and talking. There is a flower vase placed on a table behind her with pink flowers.
The video show many people standing in line on sand. Then suddenly all of them start running together and run into a lake. Then after some time they come out from the lake. In the end some people are holding a poster and standing in the lake. 
there is a small robot and a there is a small white ball on the robot. A moth sits on that ball and moves around. When the moth moves, the ball also moves and hence the robot moves. Then a person shows demo by moving the ball by hand , and the robot moves on moving the ball.
There is a small strip of lights attached to a laptop computer. The lights in the strip keep on changing colors and show different patterns while changing from one color to another. 
A man is in an aluminium boat fishing on a lake. He pulls in a big fish and lifts it into the boat. He holds the fish up to the camera. There are trees in the background.
The camera is filming a room in a house. A dog walks into the room. A woman in a bikini walks by and lets the dog out of the room. She steps in front of the camera and onto a exercise machine. She steps back and form on the machine while talking. The dog and a cat come in and out of the room. There are chairs and desks, as well as a clock in the room.
A man stands in front of a microphone and holds a guitar. He talks into the microphone, then starts playing the guitar and singing. There is a table to his right and a drape behind him. He finishes the song and removes the capo from his guitar and drinks some water.
Two split videos, one above the other, show a stereo microphone resting on a stand. There is a black drape with some white wires behind it. The two videos seem almost exactly the same. A man talks about the microphones and puts his hands in view of the camera.
A man stands on the front of a sailboat and talks to the camera. There is a bag with ropes in it in front of him. He clips the ropes onto the boat and pulleys them up the mast. The scene changes to the boat sailing on the ocean. There is one man controlling the boat and another sitting behind him. Text displays in the sky of the video.
A video game screen displays. The player is an anime girl that runs around a grass field. She joins two other players in a battle against two monsters.
President Obama stands in front of a microphone and talks to an audience. There are many people sitting behind him. He walks away from a podium and gestures his hands while holding a microphone.
Two men stand inside a building and talk to the camera. They gesture with their hands while saying words related to the gestures. There are windows in the background. Outside the windows are cars, poles and trees.
A animated girl stands outside in an interactive children's game. The computer mouse moves around and clicks the screen and the girl appears near the mouse. Different outdoor scenes display and the person tries to find the animated girl.
People stand outside at a rally. Many are holding up signs. A person is speaking into a microphone. They cheer while he speaks. The man is hold some papers and gesturing with them. He is standing next to a truck.
Video of a desk as seen from probably a robot. The video is looking at a piece of paper on the desk, moving toward and away from it. It appears to be capturing the boundary of the paper.
Video of a monitor presenting a game being played. The game appears to be some kind of a shooter game. The player is currently on open ground, moving about.
Video of a veterinarian talking about pet stuff. She is being interviewed indoor and is wearing a lab coat.
Video of a bunch of horses. Each horse is presented with a picture. The video is a slideshow with a black background.
Promotional video for an amusement park. The video presents images of the park and its layout. It also presents some text describing the rides that are there. Each picture has some text on it.
Video of a lady's bag that can be tied up to secure things inside it. The bag itself is purple in color. A woman demonstrates the bag on her bed.
Video of a bunch of people learning how to work with electronics in a laboratory. Each person has a computer terminal and instructions are presented on an overhead projector. There appear to be several instructors. They appear to be working on augmented reality.
Video of a man polishing the sharp edge of a stone. He is striking the stone with varying degrees of force.
Parody video featuring the text OMG and a white camaro. The text is in purple and on black background. The camaro is superimposed with false coloring.
Promotional video of a city. the places of interest are shown. A dog trail with a camera on a dog is presented. They are outdoor. They meet a gang of people to whom the dog shows little interest. The man is talking about stuff all this while.
Video of a boy playing and singing. The boy is indoor and is wearing a t shirt with Spock on it. There is a TV in the background.
Video of three presenters on stage at an awards show. The two guys are making fun of the girl in the middle.
Video of a large gathering of people at a lake side. They all get into the water on mark. It appears to be the winter season. There is a lot of people.
Video of a man preparing a floral arrangement. She is preparing roses. She is indoor. A model then models the bouquet. 
Religious video featuring the Christian bible. The video features pictures and quote from it. Each picture represents three quotes. Each image is quite different.
Screen cast video presenting the preparation of a poster. There is a siloutte of a man and text on the scree. The computer appears to be Windows XP
Video of a man fishing. He catches a fish from the ocean and gets it on board. The hook is removed and the dead fish is then presented to the camera as a trophy.
Promotional video for a cosmetic product. A woman applies the product on her face and pats on the areas. There is some text accompanying each step of the process.
Chinese video of a poster being presented on traditional oriental architecture. They are indoors and there is a large crowd. There are a lot of camera persons taking pictures.
Exercise video presenting abdomen crunches. Each step of the exercise is shown via animation. The effect on the body is also highlighted.
Video of an unboxing of a lot of items collected in a large cardboard box. There are several boxes. An older woman is seated near them.
Screen cast of software that tests written English language skills. Some aspects of the question are shown and highlighted in red.
Video of a reverse engineering process of a digital photo frame. The various components of the object are shown.
Video of a rope mechanism that makes harnessing objects very easy. Various uses cases are shown. One of them is on a car. The others are clips of uses from various locations, including a park.
Video of a several persons talking into the camera about an event. A woman and then a man present. They both are at the same spot.
Slideshow of several houses for sale.The interior and the exterior of the houses are shown. There are lots of shots and angles shown. Shots of the community locations are also shown.
Promotion video of a movie shot in black and white, but with emphasizing red colors. Highlights the idea of a life in monochrome.
Video of a girl singing. She is indoor and does not look at the camera. There is a plant behind her. There is also a table with assorted items behind her.
Video of several persons climbing. The video shows them climbing and falling and flying. There are also shots of them working out at the gym, practicing. 
A behind the scene video of a stunt biker. The man is talking on the phone with his helmet on. He is outdoor in an urban setting.
Video of a golden retriever on its hind feet dancing. The dog is wearing a skirt and a scarf. The dog does and elaborate routine with a man. There is a large gathering. The are outdoors in a park. The dog even has a routine hopping on its hind feet.
Music video of an artist playing an acoustic guitar. The video is shot during the night time. He is in an urban setting. The video portrays a dark nature.
Video of a man talking on camera about stuff. He is indoor, wearing a black suit. He is in front of a white background. He has grey hair.
Promotional video of a weeding location. The location is on a beach. There are several models portraying a weeding. It is a bright sunny day. Two locations are shown.
Video of a mountain region. A man in a kilt is walking around heading to the top of the mountain on a trail. There a river and some awesome clouds. The man watches the sun set and goes back down.
Video of a news item. A woman presents the items and then cuts to parody injected into the actual news story. The parody makes fun of the events using cuts from a comedy show. The news item is about a debate on health care.
Video of a man presenting his argument in front of an audience. He is animated, trying to make his point. He is behind a podium.
Video about a kitteb. The kitten is shown sitting on a leg rest lying on a blanket at a woman's feet. The kitten is called tofu. The owner tries to play with it. The cat is friends with a dog and apparently has a brother.
Video of a baby outside its play pen trying to retrieve a toy stuck on the other side. The baby does put back a bunch of toys in an attempt to get the big toy out, but is unable to do so.
Video of a cat tying to attack a laser pointer on a screen. The cat is pretty frustrated and attacks the screen with gusto.
A kid plays a viola. He strums one note very slowly and the string oscillates back and forth. He stops the note and looks at the camera.
A pigeon walks around the dining table in a house. The table has a laptop, place mat, and some papers on it. The pigeon jumps down on the ground and eats food that is scattered on the ground. There are chairs in the background.
Short clips play of an outdoor setting that is set up for a wedding. There are a lot of white chairs as well as a table with beverages and a cake. The scene changes to the bride. She walks into a building and poses inside. The wedding occurs. People stand around and the bride walks up to the front. The bride and groom proceed to pour champagne into a tower of glasses.
A tractor ploughs a field. Another tractor cuts down crops. Text displays above the tractors. Trees and clouds can be seen in the background.
Video of the royal weeding in ceremony in London. The rings are exchanged and a prayer is said. The orchestra plays. There is a large audience outside.
Video of a person typing stuff on a text editor. They are demonstrating how to use an advertisement blocking software on the a web browser.
Music plays and an image displays. The image of a hip hop dancer. Text and symbols are drawn around the man.
Video of a people waking up early and preparing for urban training. There is large crowd of persons gathered and performing the training. They are running around. They also do jumping jacks, weights and all.
Promotional video featuring text on various colored backgrounds. Each word has its own colored background. 
A man holds a microphone and talks to the camera at a rally. Behind him people protest and hold signs. A man in a sail boats talks to people at a dinner party. A man is interviewed by a camerawoman.
Two horses are in a pen outside. One of the horses is sitting down. It wiggles back and forth, then lays down. The clip is played over in over with video effects on it. Text displays in front of the video.
Video of a road trip featuring a red VW microbus. They reach a mountain and rock climb. They also dive into its lake. There is also a deer at one point.
A woman demonstrates how to replace the windshield wipers on a car. She gets into the car and tests them. Text displays along the bottom of the video.
People stand at a train station and wait for the train. The train pulls up and people start walking around.
Video of a crowd protesting in very large numbers. They are walking about a street. It looks like an Arab country. The crowd turns out to be massive taking up whole roads. They are walking around waving flags.
A woman sits in a chair and talks about a cell phone. She demonstrates using the phone. Short clips play with an image of the phone and text to the right of it.
Video of a daschund enchanted by the sounds coming out of an iMac's speaker. The dog's head goes left to right in its confusion. The dog is on top of a table looking at the direction of the speaker.
This is a compilation of videos of failed marriage proposals. Most are public proposals that are rejected, while in one video the camera set to record the event is knocked over by a dog.
This is a video of a man angrily and messily making a sandwich while dramatic music plays
A first person perspective video taken by a woman who walks down a rural path and stops to pet a cat that walks into the middle of the road and begins rolling around there.
A man talks vaguely about driving safely while standing outside in falling snow. There is also a brief clip taken from just in front of the wheel of a moving car as it drives through some thick snow.
A man introduces some sort of software engineering presentation in what looks like a conference room or classroom.
This is a video of a sunrise as viewed from inside a passenger jet in flight. The video contains a number of quick cuts to create something like a time lapse effect and show the sun rising completely in just a few seconds.
The video shows a pseudo motion slideshow of a number of largely unrelated scenes, mostly rural and western or of run down buildings. A scratchy recording of a man playing guitar serves as a soundtrack.
A man wearing a suit and an ear piece microphone gives a Christian sermon to the camera.
The camera pans over a scene of random objects, including a fez, while a voice over of a man tells a strange and humorous story, allegedly to illustrate the use of the word evocative. 
This is an instructional slideshow with a voiceover explaining the finer points on how to install laminate flooring.
A woman explains and demonstrates how to apply resin to a piece of jewelery to create a smooth and shiny covering.
This is a slideshow with accompanying voiceover discussing the strategy behind the use of a particular item in a video game, though the game itself is never shown or mentioned by name.
This is a series of shots from a footrace of some sort, possibly a marathon. The person holding the camera is following alongside the runners and smoothely keeping pace with them, possibly by riding a bicycle.
A man instructs a number of teenagers wearing swimsuits in the correct form for the freestyle stroke. Eventually he has the students all lie down on the ground in the correct stroke position.
A man stands at the front of a crowded room and talks into a microphone about a religious justification for, it seems, removing a ban on dancing.
This is a political advertisement criticizing a politician for supporting bills favored by the entertainment industry that might have effectively censored the internet.
This video is just a still image of an album cover featuring a collage of three men. A rap song plays in the background.
Three teenagers are wandering around a public area talking about something, while one of them films the other two and the surrounding area in the shakiest and blurriest way possible. They eventually go over to another teenager sitting on a bench, who then proceeds to leave with them.
This seems to be a news or documentary clip discussing and showing the visit of some US senators to an Interpol office in South America.
A young man goes out to a club on his 21st birthday. There are various shots of people dancing or talking into microphones, and eventually people bring out a cake shaped like a skateboarding half pipe.
Little girl riding her pink bike at a park with many dirt ramps and bumps. She is talking to her dad who is off camera.
Advertisement for a blanket called goody hoody, which has a hood, a foot pocket, and sleeves to help keep you warm. A family is shown wearing them outdoors.
Man shows how to change a tire on a Honda. He takes the tools out of the trunk, jacks up the car, unscrews the lug nuts, removes the flat tire, removes the spare from the trunk, fastens the spare tire to the car, and lowers the jack.
Man sitting in a chair and talking to the camera. He talks about how garbage doesn't just go away, it has to be stored somewhere. He also discusses Chick Fil A and the surrounding controversy over gay marriage.
Video of chairs linked up in rows, presumably for an audience to sit in to watch a show. There is an incredible amount of trash left beneath the chairs from whatever event was held there recently.
Video from the perspective of a man skiing down a hill. He passes many other skiers, and eventually arrives at a woman with a video camera and says Hello . 
A pancake Tesla coil, which is essentially just a disc shaped coil of wire. There is a red light and some kind of monitor with waves on the screen.
Children's swing set. A man climbs up the supports and sits on the metal crossbar. He does something to the swing with pliers, then climbs down.
Video game recording in which a player with a sniper kills a lot of people with one shot a piece.
Stop motion video. A girl appears to be floating above a pool of water while removing her jacket. A man staring gestures with his finger. She splashes powder on his face. Broken glass. She finds an old scuba diver's helmet at the bottom of the ocean. She puts it on, floats into space, and is an astronaut.
Easy way to break the bead on a motorcycle tire. He starts by letting the air out of the tire. Then he uses leverage to push down on the side of the tire so that it detaches from the wheel.
A sailboat tipping over. Two men operating a sailboat. They lean completely off the side of the boat while doing so. One even leaves the boat and is dragged along in the water.
Robotic dancing in a wedding procession. Even the priest gets into it. Everybody is clapping.
Drunk girls arguing with a police officer. Some other men are upset for some reason. They assault the man with the camera. A man gives the advice Don't drink 
Tutorial on inserting section breaks in Microsoft word. The person also adds a footer with page numbers.
Acrobat jump roping while doing flips and other tricks. A girl spins a vase on her feet while lying on her back. 
Dog being groomed. Dogs being brushed, bathed, dried, shaved. They also trim the dogs nails and brush their teeth.
Lawyer video blogging. He talks about CNN's coverage of the Casey Anthony trial. He does not believe it is news worthy. 
Slideshow of pictures of an extremely dangerous walkway which is attached to the side of a mountain. The path is in terrible condition, with broken boards and such. In some places, entire sections of the path are missing.
Woman talking about a website with step by step woodworking instructions. Her spiel is quite obviously scripted, and an advertisement rather than an endorsement.
Video of a blue Kawasaki motorbike. The video shows parts of the bike. The bike barked on the side of a road. The video ends with a shot of incoming traffic on a highway.
DIY video for making a pair of zip pants. A woman first models them. She then step by step presents the process of cutting up and stitching up a zip on the pants. There is some text shown that describes each step of the process.
Instruction video about planning a wedding. A woman sits at a counter and is talking about the process. She is indoor and wearing black glasses.
Game play video. The video captures a boy playing the game and taking a video of the game on a TV. A location on a map is highlighted and then a a car is shown unable to move forward blocked by a wall. The video also presents the game controller. 
A tribute video for Steve Jobs. The video features a picture of Steve Jobs and some text. The image has a white background.
Advertisement video for a remodelling agency in California. The video features shots of various rooms that have been remodelled. There is some text in between the shots and features a black background.
Video of a boy jumping around on a trampoline. He is outside. There is a shed behind him. The trampoline is black and quite taut.
Video featuring songs for Weddings. The video features a black background with some text on it. The is an image of two hands with text that appears to be album art work.
A promotion video for a crafts store. The video features animation with small windows featuring products. Text features before each of the product.
Advertisement video for a staicase posts. The video features shots from multiple staircases like a slideshow. 
Video of a small group of people standing outside with placards. They are in a common area of a city, outdoor near traffic. A large man approaches them and talk to them.
Boy wearing hat, gesturing and making facial expressions in a pretend state of thought while the video is narrated by the voice in his head.
Trapped bugs crawling around inside of an empty water bottle.
Propeller attached to motor which is mounted on a structure made from buckey balls. a magnetic ball toy. The person flips a switch to turn the motor on, then off again.
A lake in the fall. The leaves on the trees are many different colors. The colors are surprisingly vivid.
Man in a clown outfit going through a drive through. He has face paint, a red ball nose, and a wig. He makes funny noises at the girl in the window, and she laughs.
Loose leaf paper on a desk in front of a computer. The boy behind the camera says he will try to make a paper airplane. He grabs the paper and folds it lengthwise.
Video tour of an office space. We see reception areas, meeting rooms, and more. There is a website to help you find office space.
Monster truck driving over trashed cars in an arena. It also drives over a large hill in the center of the arena. The spectators are cheering.
Bird perched on a bench and clucking. It waddles a little bit and clucks some more. It jumps down and starts pecking at the ground.
Wedding planner giving advice on decorating a wedding isle. She says it should be functional as well as decorative. Rose buds, herbs, or flowers are often used.
People doing flips and tricks. Mixed disciplines of gymnastics, parkour, freerunning, and tricking. Lots of back handsprings, sideflips, corkscrews, and flyaways. Many other moves are represented as well.
A woman is grooming a dog on a table. The woman beats the dog. She tries to make another dog sit down on the table. She then vacuums a dog crate, then holds another dog on the ground.
Short clips play of outdoor scenes. People stand and walk around outside. Some individuals are interviewed. There are concrete walls, buildings, trees and bushes outside.
Construction vehicles are parked near a demolished building. Some people stand outside the building and look at it. A large portion of the building seems to have collapsed on itself. There are other buildings next to it. A cloud of dust surround the building.
Music plays and short clips play of an anime cartoon. Many of the clips are of a girl running or shooting a bow and arrow.
A young man demonstrates in painstaking and unnecessary detail how to make a ham and cheese sandwich.
A piece of orchestral music plays over a black screen with some white text on it giving the name of the song and the people performing it.
A security agent watches a man, then tackles him. He talks to the man, and also to his earpiece. A woman walks up and talks to the man that has been tackled. The man proceeds to run away.
Men swim in a pool. A man stands near the pool and talks to the camera. The swimmers appear to be rehabilitating soldiers.
This is a succession of clips linked together by a comic book style page turning animation. The clips show a man repeatedly being confronted over various grammatical mistakes by a woman dressed as a clown.
This is an advertisement for a Mario marathon event for charity. The beginning of the video is a first person perspective clip of a man picking out a shirt and hat and checking his supply of caffeinated drinks, while the remainder is made up of screen capture clips from various Mario games.
Group of people gathering in support of Julian Assange. They have dinner, and dance to a live band. There are tee shirts and buttons with relevant messages on them. People give statements in support of Assange.
A woman from first person perspective plays with a rabbit by waving a stuffed rabbit around in front of it.
Two men sit and make jokes in front of a crowd. Then, after a cut in the video, one of the men stands behind a woman while she puts her arms behind her back and pantomimes with his hands as if they are actually hers. He and the woman act out some sort of improv skit this way.
Five super cars racing. the Audi R8, Ferrari F430,Lamborghini Gallardo, Maserati Granturismo, Mercedes Mclaren. They run the cars through breaking and handling tests, then drag race them.
This is a semi animated in the sense that a series of still images and text are shown being drawn video about the current state and future possibilities of synthetic meat technology.
Two boys jump down a flight of stairs. Another boy gestures at them, and they freeze in mid air. The boy walks around gesturing some more, then the two boys unfreeze and fall to the ground.
Time lapse video of a boy assembling a Lego set. It ends up being a military transport vehicle and a tent.
This is video of a parkour competition. This competition is held indoors and there are lot of spectators watching. Some men are running over an obstacle course one by one. They jump over some obstacles, run on metal railings and jump directly from one obstacle to another.
There are four different sized blades of a electronic shaver lying on a table. A woman puts one of the blades on a electric shaver. Then she combs the hair of a white dog sitting in front of her. She then uses a pair of scissors to cut some of the hair of the dog. Then there is a black and white dog she trims its hair with the electric shaver. She then trims the hair of a white dog and a black dog with the electric shaver. 
Man controlling a small sailboat from a horizontal position. Many other people doing the same can be seen in the background.
A red color car is standing in a garage with its bonnet open . A person is tightening some part of the car inside the bonnet with a wrench. There are some tyres lying near by. The person seems to be repairing a car.
There is one brown cat and one off white cat. The brown cat is licking the other cat.They are sitting in front of a window pane. After some time the off white cat runs away.
This is a very brief clip of a man introducing himself in French, I think , with somewhat professional looking title cards before and after it.
Woman going for a hike with her dog. Small stream. Salamander walking across a path. Enjoying a great view.
A man is sitting and talking and there are strange patterns appearing on the screen behind him. The man then picks up a book and talks something while there are some photos shown on the side. There a man is shown kissing a dog. 
Views of inside of different houses are shown. Most of them are empty. Living room. kitchen, bathrooms and bedrooms of different houses are shown. At the end they show the exterior of the house and lawn in front of house and a swimming pool. 
A man walks around outside and talks about purchasing a $7 iMac and installing Linux on it. After a moment the video switches over to show the computer booting up, and then playing a brief video clip.
A brief video of white text fading in and out against a black background, followed by a pure black background accompanied by a short guitar riff.
A man is standing on sidewalk and talking. There are some houses behind him and a snow capped mountain in the background. Then the man goes inside a house and attaches some wooden panels on the ceiling with the help of a drilling machine. The man is standing on a folding ladder while attaching the wooden panels to the roof. At the end he finishes his work and gets down the ladder and talks.
Parrot fish eating algae from the surface of a coral reef, under water. This process is critical to the health of the reef, because algae is the main competitor of a coral reef.
A number of clips from a concert are cut and edited together, showing segments of several different songs.
This is a first person view from drivers position. A car is driving on a race track. In front of it is another car. There are several curves on the track. After some time the car in front spins out of the race track onto the grass near it. 
This video presents a small firework that sits on the ground and releases a fountain of flames and sparks.
Two kids are sitting on a couch. One of them is holding a book and other one is playing some game on a tablet computer. The second kid who is holding the book look into the tablet while other kid is playing.
There is a small dark room. Three people are playing guitar and one is playing drum. There is a man singing and dancing and there is a small crowd standing there dancing and head banging.
Bored girl procrastinating. She removes the cap from a pen, and listens to the popping sound. She wears a notebook as a hat, doodles, stares at the ceiling, sticks out her tong, draws on her knee, plays with her phone, makes faces, wears a mask, paints her face.
This is an advertisement for a sewing class. The video is effectively a slide show with a number of text slides and still images of people's sewing projects edited together with fancy transitions.
A man is standing in a conference room and talking. Behind him is a huge circular table around which people are seated . There are also electronic screens on the table and huge screens on the walls. 
Instructional video on how to make a hooded towel for kids. A hand towel is folded and sewn along the seam to make the hood, then attached to a full size towel. 
A man shows off his sailboat while at sea and points out various objects on it, including the sail, tiller and autopilot.
A man stands and talks. Then there are photos of different kind of food and drinks. Then there are some photos of wedding and food on the screen at back of the man. The man keeps on talking and pictures of fruits appear in the screen in background. Then there are wedding pictures on the screen in background. 
A group of women each make a dish involving fish and capers. They show their creation to the camera an encourage the viewer to vote for them.
A girl is sitting in a room and playing guitar. After some time she starts singing. Her eyes are closed most of the time while singing. 
This is a video of various different jellyfish floating against a black background or magnified under a microscope. At a number of points in the video diagrams appear pointing out particular anatomical features of the jellyfish.
A man is sitting on a boat and fishing. The boat is in middle of a lake and there are mountains in the background. The man finally catches a fish and brings that fish out of the water and unhooks the fish. 
This is an advertisement for a company offering to help people get rid of their accents. The video consists of text repeatedly appearing inside animated hand drawn circles, with the video moving smoothly between the text circles as they appear.
Men are playing basketball at an indoor court. There are two teams in uniform and a referee. There are people sitting on benches on the sides.
A man is sitting in a room and talking. There is a painting on the wall behind him. The man has a neck mounted microphone . The man is wearing a suit and makes hand gestures while talking.
This is a slideshow of still images of clouds and sky taken at sunrise. Houses, trees and power lines are visible in the foreground of many of the images.
A song about snowmen plays, and the lyrics appear as they are sung, along with various slightly animated scenes of a stick figure snowman.
Text and animations appear and move about the screen. Cropped images appear, often of people or buildings. Graphs and numbers also display.
A young man does what seems like interpretive dance in a studio, accompanied by a somber song. At one point some text appears, and the video switches to black and white.
Text and images display on the screen. Music plays. A video plays of a heat scan on a charging phone. The video shows where the phone heats up while charging or operating.
A man is making sandwich in a crazy manner. First he puts the bread on a table. Then stretches out his hands and shouts, a jar of peanut butter comes flying into his hand. He then applies peanut butter on the bread with his hands and also applies peanut butter all over his face. He then extends his arm and shouts and a jar of jelly comes flying into his hand. He then pours a large amount of jelly on the bread and eats the bread. In the end, he tears his t shirt and shouts. There is something written on his chest.
Some men are dancing and shouting on a dance floor. There are other people dancing in the background and there is a DJ playing music. There are some women dancing as well and there are some people having some drinks.
A slide show of images plays. Short video clips play as well. The images and videos are all of dogs getting groomed or modelling. The dogs go to a showroom and walk around while a crowd watches.
This is a video taken of a video playing on a projector screen. The video in the video is of several people talking possibly in French or walking around in the snow.
An image displays of a woman lying on a couch in her underwear. Only her waist up can be be seen. There is text in the bottom left. Music plays.
A man is wearing a black mask and black t shirt and pants. He stands in front of a door of a house and looks around. He has a battering ram in his hand. He starts battering the door but the door does not open because because there is a door stopper attached to the back of the door. Then there are two doors side by side. Two people start kicking on those doors. One of the door breaks open after some time but the other one has a door stopper attached to the back of it and it doesn't open.
There is a huge mechanical crane next to a small tunnel in the ground. A man is standing next to the crane and giving directions. The mechanical crane lays down a sewer pipe into that tunnel .Another man moves around in the background. 
Two people are cycling on a road in mountains. Then they are sleeping in a tent. Then a river is shown. They are travelling in a mountainous valley on bicycle and there are trees all around. There is some water falling from the mountains. 
A man jumps on a diving board a number of times, and then does a somersault and jumps into a swimming pool. The swimming pool appears to be in the backyard of home. 
Pictures of rabbits display while music plays. There is typically one rabbit and text describing the rabbit telling its name.
One man is talking with a torch and there are many people and vehicles following him. Someone tries to heckle him but police takes the heckler away . There are other scenes of people running with a torch and someone interrupting their run.
A man sits outside and talks to the camera. He holds some rock climbing shoes and talks about them. Short video clips show people rock climbing. The videos are zoomed in on the climbers feet. Images also display of the shoes.
A girl climbs down the stair of a huge and old building. She then messages someone. She then goes and sits on a bench and sends a picture of herself to a boy . That boy then takes a picture of a group and appends the picture of that girl to that group photo and sends it back to the girl. The girl smiles of seeing that picture.

A sail ship is docked at the shore. A man walks onto the boat. Other clips play from on the ship, or looking at the ship. Other boats can be seen in the background.
A man in a bear costume sits at a table. A man walks up to the table and places a cake on it. A giant meteor shoots through the sky. The bear and the man get up and run around while screaming. The video freezes and text displays.
Music plays and short video clips play of a wedding at a church. People in suits sit around. Candles and crosses are set up at the front of the church. The bride and groom walk up to the front and the priest speaks to them.
A man sits at a desk in front of a group of spectators. Another man asks him a question. He gestures his hands and talks. There is a drape behind him.
The screen is split into two videos. On each, a person plays a video game on a smart phone. Only the person's hands can be seen.
A woman in heals walks onto a gravel path, and then sits in a chair. She crosses her legs and shakers her foot back and forth. Only her legs and feet can be seen.
A man demonstrates how to rock climb at an indoor climbing gym. He hangs on some holds at the base of the wall and talks about what he is doing.
Video of three men playing in a band. Two of them are with a guitar and one on the drums. They are in a moderately lit room.
Video of a man presenting an instruction video about painting. He is painting from scratch a copy of a winter country side.
Promotion video for the Aston Martin brand. Video of wilderness. There are multiple shots of a river and the forest which then cut to an Aston Martin. The video then has the car driving around the country side. There is rain at one point. The car then races an high performance car and outruns it.
Video of a man standing in a sinky room with all sorts of junk in it. He points to some markings on the wall due to the paint coming off. He then talks about stuff.
Advertisement video for a service company. The video features various shots of houses and the rooms in each of them with fire places. They are a H VAC company.
Advertisement video for an applicanace maintenance compan. The video features animation dewscribing several appliances and common problems and how they can help you with them.
there are few cyclist are going through the urban landscape . there is a log line of vehicles standing on the road.it seems like a traffic jam due to the signals.
there are people wearing costumes and dancing in front of small children and their parents.it seems like a open ground.
there are three people in a beach.two start to wrestle.both fall down ,while other watching them fall.they start to roll on the sand until one quits.
there is a car travelling fast on a highway.the car seems to a rural area.there are trees on both sides of the road and a huge gap between the roads.
there is a man standing before a banner.he is being interviewed by some one while he speaks to that person on the microphone pointed in his direction.
a woman speaks then a man seems like a doctor greets the woman in the hospital and start to talk to her.then she plays basketball along with some small group and score basket.she then hugs some man.
a man holding lots of rope in his hand.he then show a different kind of rope.he seems to stand just before the lake.then a girl stretches the rope and attaches two rope with some support.then a man pulls a trolley and then another man get down the wall using a rope.
there us a glass on the table .then some one inserts a tube into the girl. then the smoke starts to come out of the glass.then he inserts a fork with something on it into the glass.he then lifts the glass and the drops the fork onto the table.then he pours all the liquid on to the table.all the liquid evaporates.
there are group of people seems like musicians weaking all black and holding different instruments in their hand.one of them stands before the microphone and starts to sing while moving little away from the microphone .
there is a big monster truck with huge tyres are standing in middle of the road.then they start to remove its tires one by one and fit smaller tires to it.and ride it back.
it seems like a pub where all the people are wearing animal costumes.they all are dancing while the lights are flashing in different colors on them.
there is a woman talking while another woman joins her and starts to speak while waving her hands towards other woman and towards her.
there is a woman sitting in front of a table in her home.their is a sewing machine on the table which the woman uses to sew.
there are people surrounding the fence.while a person with a dog run front and back inside the fence.then a woman speaks to the reporter in front of many microphone while holding a dog in her hand.
there are several people standing and dancing while a person controls the music with a heavy hardware.then few people walk while few enjoy the atmosphere.
a person wearing wearing glove add some oil and some powder and mix the mixture thoroughly. then take a spoon of the mixture and drop the mixture onto a plane surface.
a car gets stuck in the water.it tries to come out by moving itself back and forth.then it starts to get out of the water.then the car behind the stuck car moves away from the water through the sides.
there few children and their parents sitting on something which is rotating round.then all get on their cycles and ride it to their house.from there they take their own sailboat.they prepare their boat before sailing and then sail on their own boat.
there is a huge gathering of people standing and waiting for something.then few people start playing some musical instruments.all the people start to lift a pole with ropes they try to lift it but it falls on to the ground.then they pull the chariot.
a man wearing a mask sitting in front of a table with champagne and beer cans on the top with a microphone.
there is a man seems to be sitting on his bed naked in his house.he speaks by moving head towards the window ,waves his hand and scratches his body some time.
a girl dances in her bedroom then she sits on bean bag and starts to speak while shifting her hair to left to right of her face,
there is a small boy sitting in his chair.and a person tries to feed broccoli to the baby.he doesn't eat instead cries.even then that person tries to feed him in force,at last person kisses the child on his forehead.
there are few children doing somersault.then they do different stunts using a pole.then a girl sits on the top[ of the pole and lifts the hands.
person attaches a small part of the rope to the table and then uses another small rope to tie knots to the attached piece of rope.
Men pushing a car which had gotten stuck. Then quickly freed it from its predicament. Judging by the look of the car and the people, this is probably at a car show.
Woman wearing a lanyard around her neck. She is a volunteer picking up donated toys for children. An Elmo toy can be seen in the background. She encourages other people to volunteer as well.
This is a promotional video for the World Economic Forum on Latin America. It features a number of voiceover clips discussing the economic and political future of South America, accompanied by video clips of both the speakers and various South American locations.
Advertisement. Animated people are shown waving their arms and dancing, as a song plays. Lots of balloons. Video from birthday parties hosted at this farm, where children can pet the animals, eat cake and pizza. 
This is a promotion for a Call of Duty clan, and consists of a series of clips of in game footage from members of the clan, along with some text.
A man demonstrates how to safely change a tire. There is no narration, and the only audio is an unrelated rock song.
Instructional video on turning a T shirt into a tube top. A woman measures herself, cuts the shirt, and sews it back together on a sewing machine.
A woman and a young girl demonstrate how to separate out the different colors in a black marker by laying sheets of paper in a container of water.
This is an advertisement for a promotional sweepstakes to win a free trip to the Caribbean. This video mostly consists of a woman talking to the camera and describing the rules of the contest.
This video is a slideshow of still shots of a musician in various settings, with one of his songs providing the soundtrack.
Man shows off various circuits he has created. The first one is a breadboard with flashing LEDs, which are timed such that they produce letters when rapidly moved in a horizontal direction. He plans to improve this circuit by incorporating a tilt switch.
A woman stands at a podium and introduces a town hall meeting at which Ben Bernanke will be answering questions from teachers.
This video shows a silhouette of a perched crow, with another slightly time delayed silhouette of the same crow behind it, while various handwritten words scroll and flash across them. This is accompanied by a bizarre voiceover reading out some sort of disjointed poetry.
This is an animated video of a boy playing video games rather than doing his homework, until the homework apparently turns into a monster and forces him to do it.
Two men, one with a stringed instrument possibly a cello and one speaking into a microphone put on an improvised musical performance.
First the exteriors of an office is shown. Then, the reception area is shown, a receptionist is sitting there. Then interiors of the office is shown including meeting rooms, conference rooms, telephones, cubicles as well as a small kitchen. 
A man is talking on a microphone. Many people are sitting in front of him. There is a music band standing behind him. Three of them are on guitars and one man is playing drums. Then the man with microphone lets someone in the audience talk on the microphone and then starts singing on the microphone. The band behind him starts playing. He keeps on singing and the crown in front of him starts dancing, 
There is a large crowd gathered on the staircase of a large white building. Some of them are holding some banners. There are some other buildings nearby.
There is a ramp in a playground. A boy rides a kick scooter over the ramp. The boy then rides over the ramp a few more times and does some flips and other tricks.
There is a big rocky mountain. Some people are doing rock climbing on it. There us a river in front of the mountains. There are some people standing at the base of the mountain and watching the rock climbers.
A man is standing in a studio and talking. Then some photos of base ball games are shown. The man makes hand gestures while talking.
An aerial view of a dense forest is shown. There is a portion of a forest where there are no trees. It seems some fire has destroyed the tress in that area. Then a show of fire in the forest is shown. There are dense white fumes coming out of fires. Then the area where fire broke out is shown after fire has been extinguished. The ground has become black colored.
A view of a street is shown. Then a priest is standing in a room and picks up a cross. A scary looking woman with cuts and blood on here face is sitting. The woman looks possessed. The woman then pushes away a man. The woman is then tied to bed and the priest is waving a cross and chanting something. 
A man and a woman are sitting in a pub. The man is playing a flute and the woman is playing a small drum . 
This is a view from driver's seat of a car. The car is standing on a racing track and there are many cars in front of this car. Suddenly all the cars start moving. This car overtakes many other cars at the start itself. Then it continues racing , there are many bends in the racing track.
A big blue colored cargo aeroplane is moving on a runway. There are some cars moving on a road in background. The aeroplane comes to a stop and then starts running on a runway at high speed. After some time the plane takes off. 
A man is wearing military uniform and standing in a studio and talking. There is a screen in the background where photos of some navy sailors appear. 
A woman is standing on a sea beach. Then animations are shown of reducing fat from waist and thighs. Then a woman is shown working out and the a woman is shown being operated upon. Then a couple is shown strutting on a beach .Then a woman is interviewed. Then a bald man sitting on a room talks. Then some equipment is run over stomach area of a woman and the fat in woman's stomach area reduces.
Photos of exteriors of some beautiful houses are shown. A man is standing in front of a house and talking. Then a few other men are shown standing in front of a house and taking. Then a woman is sitting inside a house and talking. 
A night time scene of a street . A couple are walking on a street cuddling and kissing on cheek. The woman then talks on a phone. There is a huge building in front of them. Suddenly some lights start flashing on the building and some text appears on the building. The woman starts crying out of happiness. The man proposes to her and puts a ring on her finger. Then a heart symbol appears on the building.
A man is standing in a room and talking. There is a green wall in the background, with some pictures of stone drawn of the wall.
A boy is standing and talking . There is a plastic bottle, some plastic caps , nails and ropes lying in front of him. He makes holes in the plastic caps and then on the bottle. He then slides two pieces of woods into the holes in the bottle and attaches plastics caps to the end of the wood. Thus, he makes a toy car out of the plastic bottle. He then cuts the bottle a little and puts soda bottle caps into it. He then pulls the car using a string. 
There exteriors of an house is shown. The house is large and made of stone. There is a garden in front of the house. And a man is standing there.
A man is sitting . He claps a clapperboard. There is a red table in front of him with a green cover. He rests his hands on the table and keeps on making some hand gestures. He then takes a pack of cards and holds them in his hand. He then takes out one single card from the pack and shows. 
A blue colored tractor is standing and a driver is sitting in the tractor. The man starts the tractor and moves the mechanical arm attached to the tractor. Then the tractor moves forward for sometime and them it travel backwards . Then the tractor is shown from up close. 
Ducks swimming in a pond. A female waddles by on the shore. A male chases the female. More ducks swim into view.
A red colored truck is stuck in mud on a inclined muddy place. A blue truck pushes the red truck from behind . After pushing for some time, the red car is able to start moving and it moves down a slope. 
A birthday cake is lying on a table. There are many photos of different people arriving at the party. Then there is a group photo shown in front of a house. Then at the end a man is kissing a woman on the cheek. 
Tour of a house while a man narrates. He talks about the architecture and the restoration done on the building. There is a court yard, large windows, skylights, and a very nice new bathroom.
A man is holding a little kid in a swimming pool and teaching to swim . The kid is holding a doll in its hand. 
People towing a vehicle out of a hole in which it is stuck. It is being pulled by a chain attached to some kind of vehicle with treads. It is night.
There is a concrete mixing machine and another machine near the concrete mixer from which a pipe comes out. Two men take out concrete from mixer and put it into the other machine. The machine is a concrete sprayer. And the pipe coming out of machine sprays concrete. Two people are holding that pipe and spraying concrete on a wall.
There is an indoor gym with some obstacles. Some people jump over those obstacles, jump from one obstacle to another hang on bar and jump through holes in the wall. They are practicing parkour. 
A boy is sitting in a room and writing something. The boy looks up for a moment and faces the camera then again goes back to writing. 
Very fast sailboat with twin sails. The boat hydroplanes when it gets up to speed. It is named fifty fifty. The boat's designer says it turned out to be faster than he thought it would be.
A woman is sitting in a news room and talking. There is a picture of a man on the screen in the background . Another man is sitting next to her and talking. Then a news reporter is standing with a microphone on side of street and talking. Then a person is shown giving a speech in a meeting. Then some people are taking oath. After that some people are shown working in a farm land. Then a man is interviewed after that a woman is interviewed . Then again a man is interviewed. Then the news reporter talks and a woman is shown mopping a floor at the end. 
A window. It is snowy outside, and there are tree branches blocking the window. The camera looks through binoculars, but it is unclear what we are supposed to see.
A green colored cake is lying on a table with a star on top and a jumping man in front. There are some other animated characters on that cake. After that some pictures of other cakes are shown .Then a bakery is shown where people are making cakes.
Two men are sitting on a roller coaster side by side . One of them waves hands. Then the roller coaster starts moving. Then roller coaster starts moving fast. One of them closes his eyes while the other man is smiling and looking on one side . When the roller coaster slows down the other man opens his eyes and starts smiling.
A man is standing outdoors in a residential neighborhood during night. There is snowfall going on and streets and cars are covered with snow. The man then starts walking. He then picks up some snow from ground and makes a ball of the snow and throws it. He then clears the snow from his hair. He then again starts walking. He then picks some snow in his hand and eats it. 
A boy is standing on a boat and trying to catch fishing a fishing rod. Another man helps him There are some other men standing on the boat with him. He then catches a fish and the man standing next to him pull the fish out of water. In the end there is a photo where all the people standing on the boat are holding a fish each.
A woman is standing in a studio and talking. Different flags appear on the screen at back. Then a photo of a man is shown on that screen. Then again some flags are shown on the screen and a photo of a man is shown on the screen and all the while the woman keeps on standing and talking.
A mobile phone screen is shown . The camera of mobile phone is then opened and a view of a street is recorded. 
A woman is standing and talking. She has headphones around her neck. She then rides a bicycle and stops in front of a large white building and takes out her headphones. She then shows a paper with some numbers written on it and keeps on talking. At the end she puts the headphones on. 
There is a woman standing in room and playing guitar and singing. A man is standing and playing a drum while another woman is sitting and playing a cello with hand. 
There is a dark room with a single white light. An old man is sitting and talking. A small girl is operating a small water hand pump. There are two buffaloes standing nearby and another woman working nearby. Then again that old man is shown talking. 
A woman and a small girl are dancing. They are holding hand rattles while dancing. There is a woman sitting in the room . there are some other women standing in the room. One women is making video on her cellphone. 
A kid is trying to change the tyre of a car. He tries to move a tyre but falls down. He gets up again and moves the tyre away. Then he is shown tightening a tyre on the car using a wrench. 
A black dog is shown. Then a map is shown and a newspaper heading is shown. Then a photo of two dogs is shown and again some newspaper articles are shown. Then some people are shown walking their dogs and again a map is shown. Then another newspaper headlines is shown. 
A person is sitting in a room and playing guitar. There is a small piece of cloth on the guitar. At the end the person picks up that cloth from guitar. 
A man wearing a red wrestling costume and a man wearing a blue wrestling costume come out to an arena. Then a man in suit body checks both of them, and they start mat wrestling. There are some take downs during the match, while the suited man hovers near by. There are some people wearing suits , sitting in the background. After sometime they stop wrestling and the both of them are massages and wiped with a cloth and given some instructions. They come back and and the man in suit body checks them again and they start wrestling again.
A girl is walking outdoors in snow and talking. The streets are completely covered in snow and there is snow on top of cars as well. 
There are three women and two men sitting in a television studio and talking. One woman and a man are holding a banner. Then the man proposes to the woman and gets down on one knee and opens a ring. The woman starts crying.
Screen cast video for a software website that walks through the process of setting up a room layout. The video presents a virtual room and designs that can be placed into it.
A man is sitting on a chair in a room and talking . The man is wearing a red t shirt. The man keeps on talking .
Video of a four piece band playing. There are two guitars and one drummer. The singer is wearing only his pants.
Some runners are running on a street. There are spectators standing on side of street clapping. In between some people cross the road when there is runner on the road. 
Video of a silent protest outside a building. A large number of people are gathered and many of them are holding placards. It is sunny. There is a photographer taking pictures.
A small girl is standing in a room and talking. She then starts shaking her head. Then a man is standing in a room holding a tablet computer and talking. That man swipes on the tablet to show different pictures.
Game play video from a first person shooter game. The player is moving around an abandoned city shooting at stuff.
Video of an exhibition table featuring several models of stuff. The models look like they are from a science fiction universe.
Promotion video for a camera. The camera's features are presented. There are shots of the camera itself and of a photographer using them. The photographer is in a variety of places.
This is a view from drivers seat of a car. The car drives on a country side road. There are some other vehicles in front. It then reaches a road with potholes and it is raining. It then goes and stops at a gas station and then is restarts again. After some time there is a car lying upside down on side of a road and then there is a truck lying upside down on side of road. There are mountains covered with forests on side of road. Finally the car reaches a city road. 
Video featuring a home building and renovation service company. The video features shots from all rooms of the house. There is also a man talking about the place.
Video from inside a moving car. They are on a highway and the video features a giant cloud of black and white smoke.
There is a crowded beach. There are some donkeys running around on the beach . A man pull the rope on neck of one of the donkeys. The donkey falls down. The donkey then gets up and he drives the donkey away. Then some other people with ropes arrive. 
Video of a people doing several things including play a guitar, perform a skit on stage and cry. There are a large number of people being featured in random order.
Different parts of a bicycle are shown. Then a man rides a bicycle on a narrow mud path in a semi arid mountainous area. He also jumps cycle over a small ditch. He then rides his bicycle across a forest. 
Video featuring a roller coaster. The specific of the coaster are listed and a 3D mock up is presented. The video then shows the actual trip of the roller coaster on the mock up with an animated coaster.
Video of the sun featuring coronal mass ejection. The sun is shown under different filters focusing on the ejections. They are caused by a comet striking into the sun.
Video featuring Hungarian people talking about stuff. It appears to be a talk. There is one man in a suit taking within an animated background,
Video of a broken road leaking water. A large volume of water flows across the side of a road. There is traffic on the road.
Promotional video for a Town Hall building in Connecticut. There are several shots of the people doing stuff and of an actual meet, with interviews and all.
A flag is fluttering in front of a big building. There are some walking around the building. Then a woman is interviewed. Then another woman is interviewed and then another man is interviewed outdoors. Then a woman is interviewed indoors while many people are walking behind her. Then another man is interviewed. Then some people are shown hugging each other. 
Video from a parade in what looks like New York. The video features scantily clad women doing stuff on the bus.
Video of a man using a screw driver to chip away the blunt edges of a stone instrument. The stone instrument appears to be an arrow head.
Video of a fashion show from a club. The video features the fashion displayed. The video is an interview of a designer.
Promotion video for the post of Governor by a candidate. The video features the candidate in the process of her election campaign. She is talking on stage somewhere.
Still video featuring some writing on a crumpled up paper. There is a frowny face near the right end of the paper. The writing at the top is in upper case and in large font while the other writing is lower case and of smaller font.
Video of a large number of people protesting. The size of the protest is huge. They appear to be Arab people. They are walking along the road. They are protesting for the release of a hostage. The people are segregated by sex.
A black and white video featuring a man courting a woman at a theater. There is gun shot in the film and the woman in the audience dies.
Video from an animal hospital taking about the need for animal grooming. A veterinarian is on camera taking about stuff. She is at a examination table.
Presentation movie that features a employee embezzlement prevention for business owners. The video features a questionnaire to identify such a situation.
Screen cast video featuring a demo of some code written in python. The video features a user run the program, present its output and feature its code.
Video featuring a person twiddle with the settings of a microwave system. Features of the appliance are presented and shots of it are shown.
Video of a young girl dance in costume. She is indoors at home and presenting a dance routine. The dance involves several jumps. There are some closeup shots of her face.
Video of a dogs at a grooming exhibition. There is an interview of a person in charge there. The dogs and their owners are featured. It appears to be a news item.
Video presenting facts on a racing car. The car appears to be vintage racing. Its parts are features. The video is a promotion for a car show.
Video featuring a priest talk about life and stuff according to the religion. There are several pictures supporting him.
Video from a weeding featuring the presentation from that day. It appears to be a reception. The video features the festivities of the event. 
Video featuring several dogs interacting with each other. Some of them are pissed off and others are trying to make friends. Some are nervous. Some are simply happy. Others are involved in a Mexican standoff featuring a lot of tail wagging. There are a lot of people around.
Video of a man's silhouette dancing in broad day light indoor. You can see that he is clearly performing with gusto.
Still image of a man in front of several carton characters. He is standing there in a black coat. The cartoon characters feature a whale, a penguin and a boy.
Video of two people sitting around doing stuff for the camera. The man becomes violently happy while the woman laughs her head off. After that they both laugh hysterically before leaving.
Screencast video featuring a download via a download manager. The manager window is in front a video that has a paused video of youtube on it.
Video from a meeting featuring a woman talking about stuff in front of a large crowd. She is talking to a panel with a large audience behing her.
Promotional video from the American Olympic shooting association. The video features several persons shooting at various events, describing them.
Video of a monitor featuring some code in a text editor and it execution in a terminal window. The video features a demo of the execution steps.
Video of several people in pink costumes walking around before performing in a flash mob. They are all wearing bright pink, some with dyed hair.
Video of a man talking about woodwork. He is talking about the art of the business. He is indoor. There is a presentation that in between his talk.
Video of a boy playing his acoustic guitar. He is indoors. He is in all white. It appears to be in day light. He is probably covering Elvis Presley.
A band plays in basement or bar. There are three guitarists and a drummer. There is graffiti on the wall behind them. A drunk man walks by. The whole video is in black and white.
A view from under the wing of an aeroplane. Part of the plane, including the wheel, can be seen to the right. A Propeller rotates around. There are mountains in the foreground and fog and sky in the background.
People stand around outside a building. Police officers with helmets and shields walk around and stand in groups. Vehicles drive up to the building through a gate which is closed behind them. A man's voice describes the scene.
A man stands in front of an audience and reads to them. Only the mans upper body can be seen. The wall behind him is blank. He moves his hands around. There is a box of tissues and a microphone in front of him.
A man holds two products in his hands and moves them around while talking to the camera. The products appear to be tape dispensers. He stands in front of a table with many rolls of tape on it. There is a orange logo in the upper right of the video.
A photo slide show plays. The photos zoom in and out and fade into one another. They images consist of people sitting together. They are holding odd craft items that look somewhat like colourfully decorated flowers.
Music plays and an image displays. The image of symbols and shapes. There appears to be text in some of the bigger shapes.
The video is a sped up first person view of someone travelling through a town on the road. There are many cars on the road, as well as houses and trees. The cameraman reaches his destination at a war memorial and looks up at the memorial.
People stand around and walk through the town centre in a city. There are buildings, statues and fountains in the city.
A girl paddles on a paddleboard on a lake. She appears to just paddle in circles. There is a beach in the foreground and trees and grass in the background.
A woman on a stage holds a microphone and sings and dances. There are many people standing around, waving their hands and dancing to the music. A band plays to the side of the stage.
An animated woman sits at a desk. Two men sit at the other side of her desk. The woman and one of the men talk to one another.
People stand in a big crowd in a city to watch a parade. People in costumes march through the parade and control odd moving fixtures. A man stands next to drum and talks to the crowd while a woman in a huge coat stands behind him.
People rally at an event against bullying. People walk into a park while carrying signs. A woman speaks to the crowd through a microphone. People gather together to shape a heart on an open field.
a man seems like a police officer stands before the flag and speaks continuously. as this seems like he is being interviewed.
A man and woman stand in front of microphones and hold microphones. They talk into the microphones, then start playing music and colourful lights turn on.
a man before his car seems like he is helping some one to come out of the parking slot.the car moves back slowly and then moves forward and comes out as a woman jumps and open the door of the car.
there is a rope looped and both of its ends are attached to the table.then man inserts a rope in between the attachments.he uses a plucker and a scissor to tie and make a knot .
a small girl uses a pencil to write then it seems like she heard something.she get out of the seat and moves to find out.
A slide show of images play. The images pan across the screen and fade into one another. There are people in formal dress, for what appears to be a wedding, in the images. They stand in the doorway to a stone building. Music plays.
there are people sleeping and suddenly gets up.some wash their hair and some brush their teeth then all eat breakfast and go to work.some play music, some ride an ambulance,some work in a construction site and some work in farms.
there is an areal view of an area.there is lot of vegetation.it seems like an island with all sides covered by water.
a man standing in a lake trying to catch fish using his fishing rod.he moves deep into the lake.then he moves away and show the caught fish.
there is a plate of properly garnished food.then some one uses a fork and a knife to cut the food into pieces and eat.
there are few girls in a pub screaming under colorful lights then a small girl sleeps on some bags.the girls fight while showing some items from the store.
a man stands on the stage while a man speaks to the crowd sitting before the stage.he uses microphone and wave his hands while speaking.
a boy skates using his skate board.he performs a stunt just before his house by jumping on some horizontally placed rod elevated to some height.
a man folds his hand and speaks.then he opens a cupboard and show whats inside it.he then sits on his chair and starts to eat whats left in the plate.
a man kneels down and mark some points using his tape.he then rolls of the sheet and place the sheets properly covering the whole floor.he cuts of the edges of the sheets.
there some students talking about some matter.the girls cover their head with some cloth.they seems like campaigning for something.
there is a group of people standing on the stage.there is a girl holding a microphone and singing where as the boys hold some musical instruments
a man wipes the table witha sponge.he then uses some spray inside the oven and uses sponge to wipe the inside of the oven.
a man shows some tools.he then lifts the car with that tools.he unbolts the car rear wheel using another tool and he again bolts it back.
a dog peeks out and watches.it hides again and peek slowly up.it repeats the same process many time.
a man has a stack of papers in his hand.each paper has something written on it.he watches each paper and reads whats written on that papers.
Advertisement for a TEDx event. Dramatic music. Floating words. Abstract glass depictions of buildings. City skyline.
Child wearing Lego crown builds a Lego set in time lapse. It is viking ship, complete with a sail and weapons. It has paddles out the sides.
Man using a saw to cut a fine design into a small piece of metal. He lubes up the saw blade to help keep it from breaking when cutting sharp corners. He has a wooden rig clamped in place on his work bench to help stabilize the piece he is cutting. 
Person playing the game left4dead. It is a first person shooter in which you fight zombies. He is on a rail road track with a shotgun. He walks into a field, gets ambushed, and dies.
Man installing vinyl composite flooring. He lies the planks next to each other and presses them together so the adhesive holds them together. He shows how to cut the boards to get around corners.
Various types f fish swimming in an aquarium. One is very long and without fins. It moves its body like a snake to propel itself through the water.
People dancing in sand beneath palm trees. They run into the water and play beach games. They play volleyball and have a tug of war. It appears to be a vacation.
Interviews with a softball team. The team is getting ready for a tournament. Clips of them practicing and playing are shown.
Animation of a push up exercise variation called the spartan push up, in which you switch your hand position after each push up. 
College class of students preparing to be legal secretaries, assistants, and office managers. They are in a computer lab learning keyboard and computer skills.
a man seems like a officer in armed forces.he is wearing a uniform and speaks.he moves his head slightly while he speaks.
a man and a woman sit before a table with some papers and a microphone on the top of the table.the man speak about something while the woman seems to hear and write.
a man speaks before the huge crowd.while few hold the banner and few greet the speaker with a bouquet of flowers.
a woman waters a plant.she shows how to water them and then she pulls the plant out of the pot and spreads the root and reinserts it into the pot.
man tries to fix the wooden planks on the floor.he uses a hammer to fix them closely and properly.he repeats the same process several times.
a man standing on top of the stage uses a wearable microphone to speak loudly.he moves his hand and points on things to explain what he is saying.
a man wearing an around the ear headphones and showing his phone which he used two of his fingers to hold it.
people wearing different kinds of costumes are riding small tricycles.they use their legs to move forward.they sometimes crash to other tricycles on the move.
a man speaks while holding a motor bike.he wears helmet and starts to ride the bike and performs several stunts using the bike.
there is a dog sitting in the backyard of a house.then the dog gives birth to a small puppy . it then starts to lick the puppy until it gets cleaned completely.
a old man and along with some people are walking in the parking yard.then they all stop and pose for a photograph.
A man holds a potted flower and talks about it while several young girls watch. The man appears to be teaching them about the plant.
This is a clip from a first person video game in which a man is attacked by a group of zombies on a farm.
This is a still frame with an abstract swirling image and some text on it, accompanied by a song. The text seems to describe the song's artist.
This is a still frame with a color gradient and the words DJ Visible on it
A man speaks at what looks like a school board meeting, addressing a panel of people sitting behind a desk while an audience watches from behind him.
A man talks about a woodworking website. The video shows him talking to the camera briefly, the switches to a slideshow of plans and completed woodworking projects from the website.
Two men are wrestling, and one man picks up the other and slams him into the side of the ring. He then turns around and slams him into the partition separating them from the audience and breaks through it.
A man walks into a dark room with a single bright light shining on the floor in the corner. He kneels near the light and does something with a power tool, then gets up and leaves. 
Video of a small boy having fun with a camera. He is walking around the house talking a video of his twins playing. They are indoor. There is a TV and a dog around.
This is a mostly dark black and white video of animated characters arguing, fighting and shooting each other.
Video of a girl holding up a written sign. She makes faces ending the video. She is indoor, probably in her room.
Two NASCAR cars race around an empty racecourse, while a voiceover talks about a contest to become a NASCAR driver.
Advertisement video form a real estate agent featuring a particular house. He is talking about it and the video features shots of the house and the surroundings. There is a wide open space around. Shots of the interior are also shown.
Video of a an interview featuring two women. They are outside on a sidewalk, There are cars parked on the road side. The video is taken during the day.
Instructional video presenting the construction of a bow and arrow. The video feature a set by step process of collecting the materials and putting them together. The man making it is outdoors.
Video featuring a still background. It has some text on it. There is a pattern of bubbles on it. This is for a musical composition. The pattern is of a violet colour.
Video from a dance floor. There are a large number of people there dancing. There is a live DJ. The lighting is pretty dim.
Video of a man presenting an exhibition. He is walking around with a camera. Some shots feature him talking into the camera about the situation.
Video from a concert. The band is quite far away and has a elaborate laser show to back their performance. The area is not too large.
Video of several people from an Occupy Wall Street protest. They are being interviewed on camera. There are two men and a woman featured. They are out on a side walk in day light.
Video from the cockpit of a plane. It looks like a Cessna. The video features flying over a mountain region and a landing on an airstrip. The video ends with the plan taxing.
A flag is fluttering in front of a big building. There are some walking around the building. Then a woman is interviewed. Then another woman is interviewed and then another man is interviewed outdoors. Then a woman is interviewed indoors while many people are walking behind her. Then another man is interviewed. Then some people are shown hugging each other. 
Some people are playing lacrosse in a lacrosse field. Then a man is standing and talking on a lacrosse field. He has a lacrosse stick and ball in his hand. He then shows the lacrosse stick and talks. Then again some people are playing lacrosse. 
A man is sitting in a room and talking. There is a table in front of him and a wall behind him. There are some paintings on the wall and a small equipment of some kind on the table. The man keeps on talking and makes some hand gestures.
A woman is standing in a room and talking. She is standing near a window and in front of the widow there is a table and there are two ladies sandals on the table. Each one of those sandals have a photo of a woman. The woman then picks up a glass and shows some thing. Then she picks up a frame with some design . She keeps on talking all the while. 
A woman is sitting in a room and talking. There are some plants in the background. The woman is wearing a black coat.
A man is wearing military uniform , standing in a television studio and talking. There is a photo of a military man on the screen behind him. Then some photos are shown of an aircraft carrier, submarine and a military man sitting in a meeting.Then there are some photos showing military personnel working. Then that man is talking in the television studio again.
Two boys are standing in front of a wall on roadside and talking. Then a girl walks in front of them and they wave. Then one of the boy is looking at the girl while the girl is sitting at some distance in a cafe. Then the boy and girl are both typing something on their computers. Then they are typing something on their phones. The girl is then sitting in a garden, the boy walks up to her and gives him a piece of paper and girl writes something on the paper and returns it back and they both smile. Then they again meet in a park and the boy gives her another paper with something written on it.
An old man is sitting outdoors and talking. There is a big tree behind him. The man is wearing a hat. 
A man is standing with a car and talking. Then some other cars are shown. Then interiors of some cars are shown. The man is standing in front of the car and talking all the while. 
A man is sitting on the side of a lake with a fishing rod and fishing. He catches a fish and brings is out of the water using a net and then holds the fish in hands for few moments and then lets the fish back into the lake again. 
Many people are standing and clapping. There is a stage in front of them . There is a woman on the stage interviewing a man and a woman. She interviews the man and woman one by one. Then another man comes up on the stage and stands next to the woman and starts talking. That man then sits down on one knee and proposes to the woman. The woman starts crying. All the people in audience stand up and start clapping. Then the man and woman kiss and hug. Then they all go off the stage and the woman interviewer talks . 
Two men and a woman are walking in an old monument. Then a woman is standing on a podium and talking on a microphone. Then few people are walking in a park and three of them are talking. Then some photos of the woman meeting other people is shown. Then she is standing on the podium and speaking again. 
A man is standing in a kitchen and talking. He spreads some lettuce on a plate then spreads some meat, onion , tomatoes and yogurt on it. He then cuts small pieces of a pizza base and keeps them on the plate and in the end he adds some baked potatoes to the plate.
A man is sitting in a roller coaster and looking sideways. Then the roller coaster starts the man starts shouting and closes his eyes some times. He makes strange faces while the roller coaster moves. 
An old woman is sitting at the side of the street and talking. Another woman is sitting next to her and eating something. A woman is cooking something in a street side eating stall. Some people are sitting on chair near her and eating. The old woman then talks again.
A boy is sitting in a room with a bowl of cereal and thinking some thing. A young man comes into the room and says something. Then scenes of a boar running in the wild are shown. Then a girl is shown petting a dog and two boys are walking in a park. The boy is sleeping in a bed and shaking head wildly. He then gets up suddenly and picks up a knife lying next to his bed and starts cutting his wrist. Then another young man is shown hitting a woman and that woman is screaming and crying.
A man is sitting in a room and reading from a big book. He is wearing a football jersey . There is earphone in one of his hears. He holds the book using both his hands and reads. 
A man sits in a room with his back towards the camera with a guitar in his hand. The man then starts playing the guitar. The man keeps playing guitar and in the end he gets up and puts the guitar down on a table.
A man and a woman are sitting in a room with laptops in front of them Then a space craft is shown and some astronauts are shown in space. Then some pictures of different types of satellites and astronauts in spacesuits are shown. 
A man is standing in a room and talking. There is a refrigerator next to him. The man then demonstrates how the water dispenser of the fridge works. He opens the water dispenser and bring out a small glass box. He then re attaches it and stands up and talks. 
Few kids are standing in a queue. The kid at the back takes out something invisible from his pant's pocket and passes it to next kid in front in the queue , and so on , until it reaches the kid standing in front of the queue. She keeps that invisible thing in her pocket, takes out some other invisible thing from her other pocket and passes it back in the queue. That thing then reaches to the kid at the end of the queue and he seems very happy. 
A man is standing in a kitchen and talking. He then moves and stands next to a refrigerator and talks. Then a man is shown opening a door and the first man is standing outside the door. 
This is a slightly animated video in which a number of goblins are talking about and working on some sort of machine. After a while, the video switches to gameplay footage from a Tetris like puzzle game.
This is a mostly still image of some sort of tree monster with scan lines moving across it. A rock song provides the soundtrack.
A folk singer plays guitar and sings in a crowded indoor area lit by flickering blueish light. Some streamers or banners can be seen in front of him.
This is a documentary video about Frederick Douglass. The video consists of a number of still images, mostly of civil war era drawings or photographs interleaved with screens of text. A voiceover first describes Frederick Douglass, then reads several quotations from him.
This is a rap music video performed by a group of schoolchildren. The children dance and sing to the camera in a number of settings around a school.
A woman talks to the camera about the mission of some sort of company. The camera does not remain still and focused on her, and instead is constantly moving or cutting to new angles.
This is an advertisement for a textured rubber pad that can be attached to walls or corners in order to provide animals with a safe spot to rub against when they are itchy. Various animals are shown scratching themselves using the pads.
A man speaks to the camera, repeating the same two phrases several times. He appears to be practicing different readings of the two lines.
A man shows how to replace a flat tire with a temporary spare tire.
A number of unrelated still images appear, each with a rippling animation effect applied to it, while a voiceover of a woman singing plays.
A woman is being interviewed about the legal qualities of a corporation. The video mostly focuses on her, but occasionally switches to focus on the man interviewing her as he asks a question.
This is a very brief video in which a young man does a flip on a trampoline while rock music plays. The video seems to have had some artificial blurring and shaking added to it.
This is a video of a group of people marching down a sidewalk in a city holding signs protesting unjust imprisonment and torture. Several of them are dressed up like prisoners with hoods over their heads.
This is a still image of three young men standing on a street and looking at the camera, accompanied by rap music.
This video consists of several clips taken from a festival of some sort, possibly the Mexican Day of the Dead. The video shows people in costumes wearing skull like face paint, as well as a number of small shrines built around portrait photos.
Two women bathe a group of baby sloths, then feed them some pink flowers. The video alternates between focusing on the women as they describe what they are doing and the sloths themselves.
This is a video from a dog show, focusing mostly on the dogs, which are being led around and attended by uniformed men and women.
This is a video showing a graphical representation of an extremely ineffective randomized sorting algorithm, which is apparently also being used somehow to generate music albeit poorly .
This is a slideshow with animated transitions. The slides show various people and cosmetic products.
A young man does skateboard tricks in a skate park. He stops at one point to explain how to do the trick he is practicing.
Video featuring several early black and white and color photographs. They appear to be from the early nineteen hundreds. Each portrait is presented in a vintage frame.
Tutorial video. Features a screen case that shows how to improve the readability in a web browser. Options are shown and selected to present their output. The Safari web browser is used.
Video featuring an odometer. It appears to be viewed from a pair of binoculars. The view is a bright green.
Instruction video featuring the process of putting together an ear ring. Adhesive material is added to it and the process of drying it is presented.
Video featuring a furry brown dog enjoying a chew toy. The puppy is in the garden playing with the toy and enticing the owner to join in.
Entertainment news video from the launch event of an Indian movie. Several actors are interviewed. It appears to be a low key event.
Game play video from a first person shooter game. The video features a character take down an enemy before ending.
A news video for St Patrick's day. The video features a parade from a University athletics team. There is a huge crowd enjoying the parade on the side of the road. There is also a large band playing. There are several cheer leaders.
Promotional video featuring an area of New York city and the buildings in it. Several shots of a building are shown in pseudo motion. A number of buildings are featured.
Game play video featuring a character build a structure. The game appears to be gory. The player switches something on and a arrows are being shot from a weapon.
Time lapse of a playground. Clouds are moving quickly overhead. The sun is shining through the clouds. There are trees on the skyline.
Girl on stage playing her guitar and singing in Spanish. People are holding up their smart phones and recording the show.
Man dancing. Dog in a car. Woman with balloon. Many more balloons. People walking. People in masks and costumes dancing. 
Small waves breaking on a beach next to a dock. A person walks out into the water barefoot, dragging a very small sailboat. They board the boat and start sailing.
Archimedean spiral being drawn on a Cartesian plane in green, with labeled x and y axis. 
Man in his herb garden. He shows chopped chives laid out on trays. He is drying the chives in the sun.
Man fishing with a very long rod. He is standing knee deep in the water, and slowly reeling in a fish. He takes the fish out of the water and displays it to the camera.
Man free solo climbing. This means he is not using any safety equipment, which allows him to scale the wall much quicker. He moves very rapidly, and does several risky looking jump moves while very high up.
Stop motion animation of a boy building a Lego police station. There are several Lego police vehicles, police officers, and of course the station itself. The boy is dressed in a police officer costume.
Men standing around a table at a party, making twinkie wiener sandwiches. They split a twinkie in half like a hot dog bun, put a hot dot in the middle, and squirt cheese on top. They eat the sandwiches, while others watch.
A man talks to the camera about the toll alcohol abuse takes on families.
A dog attempts to drag a large log into a lake, until the man holding the camera picks it up and throws it in. The dog then fetches the log and brings it back to shore.
A man describes how to add flooring panels to a room. The man mostly provides voiceover, while another man and a woman are shown actually demonstrating the installation process.
There is some brief text, followed by a still image of a speaker against a stylized background while electronic music plays.
A kitten plays with a piece of string hanging from a wall. After a minute, another kitten joins it.
This video shows a number of still images of the members of a women's soccer team, interspersed with interviews with one of the players and the coach.
A woman looks at the camera and sings an accompaniment to a piece of music playing from a speaker.
A man sings and plays guitar in his house. The camera slowly pans back and forth to show the man, the guitar, and part of the room he's standing in.
A woman's voice reads an article about a branch of the air force tasked with ensuring security at remote air fields. The video consists of still shots of various sections of the article as she is reading them.
This video shows a series of short scenes from a fish fry event. It features a man playing guitar and various people talking, clapping their hands, or playing cards. There are also some shots of the nearby mountains and a large body of water.
A man records various animals while out fishing. Specifically, he records two dogs, some ducks, a fish he catches and releases, and a small snapping turtle.
A woman is standing on a rock next to some rapids. She appears to be wearing pants much too large for her, and proceeds to fold them up into a sort of makeshift skirt.
A woman talks to the camera about the shop she owns. She discusses and shows off various environmentally friendly plants and planting tools.
Some men in purple and blue costumes perform some group acrobatic stunts, while a man in the background sits in a chair and plays a drum.
This is an advertisement for a skin whitening product. It consists of various still images of women, some of them with some sort of white cream spread over their faces.
This is teaser trailer for another longer video, presumably about a cart racing video game.
This is an advertisement for a collection of woodworking plans, though the advertisement consists of a number of brief clips with no apparent relation to woodworking, such as a view of earth from space and a butterfly.
A man talks about a particular brand of shock absorber. Some examples of these shock absorbers are sitting on a table in front of the man, and he gestures to them as he talks about their features.
A man sits in his room and talks to the camera about a movie related party game.
A young man sits down and plays a very fast paced piano solo in a classroom of some sort.
A man is standing in a kitchen and talking. He then moves and stands next to a refrigerator and talks. Then a man is shown opening a door and the first man is standing outside the door. 
This is video of a soccer match. One team is wearing yellow and red jersey and other team is wearing blue jersey. The yellow team tries to score goal but other team clears it. After some time the yellow team scores a goal from a corner kick and crowd start jumping and cheering in joy.
A woman is holding a large smartphone and demonstrating its different functionalities. The woman takes a picture with that smartphone. She then displays a tablet computer and the picture taken by mobile phone is shown on the tablet. She then puts the tablet computer in water and picks it up. The tablet computer is still able to play a video.
A man is standing in a television studio and talking. There is a television screen behind him with a photo of a mobile phone. A man is then sitting in a car and talking. Then few people are shown texting on their cell phone while driving. Then there are some interviews of some people. Then a conference is shown. 
A dog is sitting on a chair in a room wearing a black t shirt. A human hand comes out from behind him , holding a piece of bread. The dog takes a bite from the bread. 
Few people are standing in front of a truck parked in middle of road and playing some musical instruments including some hand drums. Vehicle are passing by their side on the road. 
A man takes out some equipment from a truck and then stands on the back of truck and talks. Then he opens a hole cover on the road and puts some instrument in it and listens to other side of the instrument. He then moves a detector of some kind on the ground near the holes. 
A woman is swimming in a sea. She swims backstrokes and then after some time she performs a head stand in water. 
A man is sitting in a conference room with a laptop . In the background there is a women with a computer screen in front of her. There is a man standing and talking in the room, behind the man many people are seated and there is a computer in front each one of them . The man who is standing then talks to the women sitting shown at first, 
A man is standing in a studio and talking. He has got a fake mustache on. Then the man takes out his mustache and keeps on talking.
A man is rowing a boat in a water body. There are trees all around. There are also some houses submerged in water around him. The man then gets on the roof of one house and sits down. Most of the house is submerged in water. There is one more boat rowing in front. 
A woman is sitting in a room and talking. She has a golden wig and there is a computer keyboard in front of her. She then picks up a bottle and drinks something from it. A man wearing a mask and a cape stands up from couch behind her and taps on her shoulder then goes away.
Many people are standing on the stairs of a large building holding banners in their hands. It seems they are doing some kind of demonstration.
Some athletes are running in middle of a road and there are barricades on both sides of the road. There are large number of spectators behind the barricades on both sides of the road and cheering the runners.
A man comes out of a water reservoir and stands. Two other men are standing in background. There are two people standing outside. Then that man jumps back into water and after swimming for sometime he jumps back into water again.
A girl stands in a room . There is a table in front of here and there is a model of a water slide made out paper. She puts a small ball on the top of the slide and the water slide down to the bottom. 
A man is sitting in a room and talking. Then photos of a baseball player is shown in different playing positions. The man in the studio keeps on talking.
A woman is standing in a room and talking. There is a white background behind her and the woman makes hand gestures while talking.
This is first person view from riders seat of a scooter. A boy gets down from the scooter in front of a house. Then the scooter drives through a street and many vehicles pass it. At the end it comes to stop in a house. 
A man is searching through some magazines in a room. Then the man is standing in a kitchen and talking. Then cleans the drainage hole of the kitchen sink with some liquids. At the end he runs water and cleans the drainage hole with his finger. 
A man wearing a rd t shirt and a cap is sitting in a room. He takes out his cap after some time and then starts shaking his head. He then tears his t shirt and shouts.
A man wearing a rd t shirt and a cap is sitting in a room. He takes out his cap after some time and then starts shaking his head. He then tears his t shirt and shouts.
New video featuring celebrities doing their thing, showing up at parties and other social events. A number of celebrities show up for Karan Johar's a birthday party.
Video advertising a woodwork project website. The website features a huge number of plans and provides screen shots of features it offers for a fee.
Video from a blue mountain park in Australia. The video features several people rock climbing and cooling off in a huge lake. There are shots of an beach.
This is an advertisement for an online shopping site. It features several scrolling views of the website, as well as a cartoony animated robot flying around the screen.
A woman interviews a man about the procedure for cleaning an oven. The man and women mostly talk to each other while standing in front of an open oven.
This is footage from a 2 player fighting video game. It consists of two animated men jumping, fist fighting and spitting fire at each other in front of two different animated backgrounds. One of the backgrounds contains a highway and a small audience, while the other contains a giraffe and a hippopotamus.
This video shows some components of an aquatic filter, including small spiny plastic objects with lots of surface area and some pellets containing filter bacteria. A man stands offscreen and describes the filter components, occasionally gesturing to them with a pencil.
A woman takes various poses in front of a curtain, while lights flash and music plays. She seems to be exhibiting the dress she is wearing.
This seems to be an advertisement for an Indian spa or beauty parlor of some sort. Various women are shown getting henna tattoos or being dressed in colorful clothing.
This is a video from a racetrack. at which one car cuts across the grassy center of the track and crashes into another. The other cars continue racing for a bit before coming to a stop.
A bunch of people are milling around in a large auditorium or gym. After a few moments, the people walk over to another part of the room and begin dancing in unison.
A female jockey rides a horse around an obstacle course. The horse moves at a trot or canter and jumps over a long series of fences.
A man sits in an office and talks to the camera about a new scientific technique for better growing tissues in 3 dimensions. Eventually, another man, and then a woman, take over talking to the camera, and then provide voiceover as the results and equipment used in the technique are shown.
A man wearing a rd t shirt and a cap is sitting in a room. He takes out his cap after some time and then starts shaking his head. He then tears his t shirt and shouts.
A little kid is sitting on a baby chair and eating biscuit. The kid is wearing an apron and is holding a plastic spoon in his hand.
Two little girls are standing in a room holding little guitars and they are dancing and singing. After some time they exchange their guitars and make gestures of playing guitar. 
A man is sitting in front of a microwave oven and talking. Then he opens the microwave and takes out a bowl . The bowl has water in it. He then heats the bowl in microwave for some time and then opens the microwave and scrubs the roof of the inside of the microwave and door of the microwave using a sponge. All the while he keeps on talking. At the end he puts up a paper with some information on it on the microwave.
A man is standing in front of a house and waving. There is a wooden ramp in front of him. Another man comes over in a skate board and jumps over the ramp using while skate boarding . The other man standing there starts dancing.
Few women standing on side of a street. There is a building behind them and some spectators are watching them. Then they start dancing in a choreographed manner. They also form different formations while dancing.
A man is sitting on a stair case. He then wraps a cloth around his hands and then practices boxing on a beach. He then runs , skips ropes , hammers a big tyre continuously with a hammer and then practices punching and kicking with a trainer. He then grapples with a person on mat and puts his opponent in an arm bar. It looks like a video show training routine of a MMA fighter.
A spider is sitting. There is a small insect next to it. The spider climbs on top of the insect and starts eating the insect. The spider eats the insect.
This is first person view from drivers seat of a car. The car is driving on street. It takes a left turn and another left turn and keeps on driving. There are many other cars on the street and many cars are parked on the side of the street. 
This is first person view from driver's seat of a car. A car is driving on a wet road and it is raining. The wipers of the car are moving. A man is walking on the road wearing a bright raincoat.
A street is barricaded on both sides. Some runners are running on the street and there are spectators on both sides of the road standing behind the barricades. The spectators are cheering the runners as they come. 
A woman is sitting in kitchen and singing. There is a man sitting next to her. HE is playing a table as the woman sings. The woman laughs while singing. 
A man is sitting on a couch in a room and talking. He then picks up a plastic box containing some yellow sticks and shows it . He then puts the plastic box down then picks up another box that is empty. He then picks up both the plastic boxes , one empty and one with yellow sticks in it and shows them. He then picks up a pair of scissors and a television remote and shows them . At the end he picks up a wand and shows. 
A woman is sitting on a motorcycle in woods and there is a man standing near her. She then starts the motorcycle. The front wheel of the motorcycle lifts from ground and the woman tires to control the motorcycle but fails and falls down. Then and animation is shown. Then the same video of the woman falling from motorcycle is shown in slow motion. Then the woman is shown sitting on motorcycle and talking. The man that was standing near her in the beginning hugs her. She then gets down from motorcycle and gives a pose and throws away her helmet and goes away. 
A woman is sitting in a room and talking. There is a sewing machine, few pieces of cloth and an iron on the table in front of her. She then irons a piece of cloth. She then takes two pieces of cloth and pins them together. 
Few people are walking in the middle of the street. The women among them have pom poms in their hands and they are waving them. There are barricades on side of the road and some people are standing behind those barricades. Then some military vehicles and an open truck pass from streets. There are people on top of those vehicles waving at the people standing on side of the street. 
A man stands in a room. There are many people sitting behind him and working of their computer. The man then starts dancing on a table. He then dances on the floor. Then all of sudden other all the other people behind him also start dancing and many of them are wearing mask and funny costumes. 
There are many stalls in a big field. Many people are roaming around in the field and many are sitting in the stalls. Then some dogs are shown. Then the owners of those dogs are also shown.
Few people stand in front of a building and they are photographed. Then a fashion show is shown. Few models walk down a ramp while there are people sitting on both sides of ramp clapping. Then at end the designers come out and take a bow. 
A little boy is standing in a room and talking to a man and a woman. Then after some time the boy goes in to another room disappointed and the man and woman switch on a music player. Then they go out of the home. Then after some time they re enter the home and search for the boy. The boy is standing behind a door.
A reporter is standing in and empty stadium and talking. Then the entire stadium is filled up. There are large number of people on the streets outside. A man with a trophy in his hand stands in the center of the stadium then after that he dances. He then stands on a podium and speaks after that he goes back into the pavilion and another man stands on the podium and speaks. It looks as they are celebrating some big sporting win.
A reporter is standing in and empty stadium and talking. Then the entire stadium is filled up. There are large number of people on the streets outside. A man with a trophy in his hand stands in the center of the stadium then after that he dances. He then stands on a podium and speaks after that he goes back into the pavilion and another man stands on the podium and speaks. It looks as they are celebrating some big sporting win.
A man is standing in a room and there is a microphone in front of him. The man then starts singing. The man is also playing a guitar and there are different musical instruments and microphones in the room. The room is dimly lit. There are many people sitting in front of the singer and they are clapping.
A woman is standing next to a horse and rubbing it. The horse it tied up from its mouth. The woman then starts washing the horse with a hand held shower. She then applies soap on the horse and washes off the soap with the shower. She then uses a comb to comb the horse. She then sprays something on the horse. Then she is feeding the horse outdoors.
Music video for an African rap group. There are four men rapping. The video is mostly outdoor and a large group of people crowd for some of the shots.
Video for a computer game featuring several shining orbs shoot out light that destroys things. The orbs are in a small region and then move out as the game progresses.
Video from a train station. There is a train leaving a platform. The video pans as the train leaves and picks up speed. The video then features another train pulling into the station across the platform.
Game play video featuring a player in a space vessels capturing resource while trying to fend off AI space bots. The bots behave like swarm creatures. The player moves around quite a bit in evasion.
Video featuring a Lego building house. It appears to be a stop motion video featuring several lego humans attack each other. There appears to be a cop character, a villain and a poor victim.
Music video featuring cover art. The image features a man sitting on a yellow bean bag. He is on a pale blue background. He is wearing a red jacket and blue jeans.
Video features a presenter ranting about college basketball. His rant is emphasized with picture from teams he is taking about. The pictures show player or coaches during a game.
A video from a 2012 Olympics meetup part. The video features the wining stretch of the Men's 1500m race. The silver medal winner is part of a Heart Institute where the meet is being viewed.
Video of a protest on the streets outside an official government building. An elderly gentleman is arguing vehemently. There are a lot of media persons and policemen. It appears to be a race based protest.
Video about unemployment. The video features shots of a European city and public institutions to present wealth available. There are people being interviewed. There are shots of government officials and protesters.
Video featuring several celebrities to advertise a beauty product. Pictures of female models are shown and there is some text featuring instructions to get the product.
Video featuring fantasy art work. It appears to be a space fantasy with several weird looking creatures including a walrus and a snail. There is man holding a human brain with a glass helmet.
Video of a train moving along the country side. It is a freight train that is moving across a region. It is a hugh train. The train also carries crude oil.
Video of several flag poles under water. Low lying parts of a city are submerged. Submerged street lamp posts are clearly visible. A few ships appear to be wrecked.
Video of an a Capella group singing at a bar. There group is fairly large. There is a snooker table and a sizable audience.
Video from a concert. A section of the crowd from the back are dancing. They are wearing orange. The crowd is huge.
A sales pitch from an investment management company. An investment manager from the company presents a slide show on the risk of investment and the solutions the company provides. Supporting facts are also shown.
Video featuring a camera on a bicycle. The rider is filming a group cycling. Two of the bikes are weird looking with seats raised very high.
Video of a man playing a guitar in his room. He is sitting on a cot and playing. The guitar has a capo. There is a standing fan in the background. The man is bald. There appears to be two Asian boys sitting beside him. It looks like he is playing for them.
Video featuring a movie being played by an old fashioned reel projector. The video features the projector and how it works. Adjustments are made and the result on a projection screen are shown.
There is huge amount of black smoke coming out of building. A tall building is completely surrounded in black smoke and a helicopter is hovering around the building. Also some text is shown on the screen. Then an astronaut is shown walking on a barren surface and there is a flag planted behind him. 
A band is playing on a stage. There are two men on guitar, one man on piano and one man on drums. The band starts playing. The man on piano sings. 
A woman sits in a chair and talks to the camera. Short clips play of children at a birthday party. There are lots of balloons and decorations. The kids are often wearing 3 D glasses and looking at things in the party room. The woman talks about features that she supplied to the party. She keeps a theme of the movie 'Cars' for the party.
Golden retrievers and people are gathered at a dog show. Judges look at the dogs and contestants walk their dogs around a fenced in area. Short clips play of a black starry night with text displayed in front.
Pictures of outdoor scenes display. Explosions are edited into the image too look like they are occurring within the scene. A man walks into a room and a similar explosion knocks him backwards.
Four people are on a hiking camping trip in the mountains. They eat food by a tent. They then start hiking and clips play of the people walking around and of the scenery around them. Music plays. They set up camp by a stream.
A man talks to a conference of people in a room. Another man stands outside and talks to a cameraman. People gather at a protest. Individuals speak into a microphone to the crowd.
Music plays and images display. The images are typically of a man wearing a white t shirt and sunglasses posing in front of a white background. Another image displays designs and text in front of a black background.
A man sits on a couch and holds a tablet. He talks about the tablet and it's features. The video shows zoomed in clips of the man using the tablet. In the background there is a television displaying text and a logo.
A third person video game is being played. The player jumps from the roof of one building to another. He shoots people running through the city and then reloads his gun. Music plays.
Two men sit in front of cameras and talk. The video displays the two men next to each other on the screen of a tablet. They gesture their hands and talk back and forth.
A woman stands in front of a table and talks to the camera. There are art supplies on the table and in cupboards behind her. She embosses a piece of foil and puts wax onto the foil. She places the foil on a hot tray to melt the wax. She colours the wax and then shows the finished result.
A band is playing music in a pub. The band is performing on a stage. A man is dancing in front of them. Soon two other women join that man in dancing.
A man is standing in front of a house and talking. The house in the background is a large house made of stone. Then the exteriors of the house are shown from different angles.
A woman is standing outdoors and smiling. She then starts talking. She makes some hand gestures while talking. There are some trees in the background.
Some pieces of cloth and a painting are shown lying on a bed. A person cut a piece of cloth and then takes out the painting from the frame. Then that person puts the cloth in the painting frame and puts the painting behind that cloth and then closes the painting frame.
A man is standing on a stage and singing. The man has white face paint on. The man makes hand gestures while singing. The stage is lit with lighting that changes colors.
A man and a woman are standing in a class room in front of a chalk board and children on the classroom have raised one of their hands. The woman then points out to some kids and those kids talk. The man in the class room then talks with the woman. Then that is shown with a camera recording some kids dancing.
A man is climbing down a bouldering wall indoors. Two men are standing in front of it and talking. One the man is wearing helmet and other protective gear. Then the man not wearing helmet starts climbing the bouldering wall and after some time the man wearing the helmet also starts climbing. Suddenly the man with helmet looks down and stops climbing and starts talking. The other man keeps climbing. The man with helmet then faints and starts hanging by the rope attached to his waist.
Two men are dancing in a room. One man is wearing a helmet. Another man wearing a hat joins them .When the man wearing hat stops dancing one of the men goes and hugs him.
This is a view from the window of a train. There are mountains around and there are other railway tracks next to the train. On the inside of the train many people are sitting and talking photographs. There is also snow outside on the mountains as well as on the streets. Many houses are visible through the window of the train and then a highway is also visible.
Two dogs are playing in a small stream of water. One of the dog comes out of the water and the second dog follows him. A third dog then jumps in the water and comes out. There are three people standing near the dogs.
Two dogs are playing in a small stream of water. One of the dog comes out of the water and the second dog follows him. A third dog then jumps in the water and comes out. There are three people standing near the dogs.
A woman is standing in kitchen next to a refrigerator and talking. Shen then stands in front of a cooking oven and speaks.
A man is standing in front of a bouldering wall and talking. There are ropes coming out of bouldering wall. A woman is trying to climb a bouldering wall. There man shows his hands and fingers and shows some hand positions and elbow.
Two men are standing on a sea beach and one of them is talking. There are many people sitting and roaming around in the background. Then a third man comes with a cycle and there is a jar on the back of the bicycle. That man then rides the bicycle and cycles away.
Some people are standing on both sides of the staircase at the entrance of a church and playing violin. A newly married couple comes out of the church. Then the stand of a podium holding hands and kiss. Then they wave their hands and kiss again. Then they again go back into the church.
A girl and two kids are sitting on a boat . One of the kids is rowing the boat. There is another girl standing in the back. There are some other people sitting on the boat and then the other kid tries to row the boat. Then the kids rowing the boat and the girl sitting next to him laugh and a woman sitting in front of them is taking photographs. There is also a man sitting in front of them.
A woman soccer player is standing and talking to one of the spectators on the stands of a soccer stadium. Then she exchanges her t shirt with the man she was talking to and the man kisses her on the cheek. One man is taking photograph of this. After exchanging the t shirt the woman runs away.
A woman soccer player is standing and talking to one of the spectators on the stands of a soccer stadium. Then she exchanges her t shirt with the man she was talking to and the man kisses her on the cheek. One man is taking photograph of this. After exchanging the t shirt the woman runs away.
Three computer screens sit on a desk with a keyboard in front of them. A computer game displays across all three screens. There are soldiers in a factory. The screens display an almost panoramic view of the scene. There are explosions in the building and the soldiers fire their guns.
Music plays and text appears on the screen. Images display with text and posing anime people. Clips of visual novels display as well.
A cupboard has some batteries and a sharpie marker in it. Two ant traps are placed in the corner of the cupboard. Ants crawl around the cupboard and swarm around the ant traps.
A man talks while images display on the screen. The images slowly zoom in, then transition into other images. The images typically consist of screen shots of a website, a group of people sitting in a room, or a map. Text bubbles appear on some of the images.
People stand around at an indoor rock climbing gym. They gear up to rock climb and a man starts climbing a wall. He climbs to the finish and then gets lowered back down.
A man sits in a bathroom and plays a guitar. He is sitting in front of a shower with a pink curtain.
Music plays and an image displays. The image has out soldiers posing with a dog. The two soldiers and the dog are coloured green, yellow, and red. Text displays along the bottom and right sides.
Music plays and a screen view displays of a person playing a first person shooter video game. The player has a sniper rifle and often looks through the scope while shooting enemies.
Computer animations display on the screen. Text appears and simple animations move around. There are often stick figures displayed. Images of a lab, lab equipment, or people move about the display.
Music plays and text displays on the screen. An image displays. The image is a zoomed in picture of a mans face in front of a concrete wall.
Video featuring several persons in a panel. There is a sizable audience. This is a press release of an Olympics event in Mexico. Athletes and coaches are being interviewed. Press shots of the events are shown.
Stop motion animation video featuring a pineapple. The story involves the pineapple being abducted by forest animals in two scenarios. 
Promotional video for woodworking. Features a man talking about building a wooden container. It involves piecing together several well cut pieces of wood.
Rap music video. Features two African Americans lip syncing a song. They outdoors with varying pieces of clothing. There are a couple of extras in a few scene. The video has a layer of animation to give it a broken down effect.
Video presenting the growth of a garden plant. The stem and the axis of flowering are shown. Several different plants are featured. This is an outdoor garden in broad daylight.
Advertisement video from home depot featuring an cooking stove with an oven. A lady with an orange apron presents the features. She is standing indoor with a backdrop of several appliances.
Animated video featuring several persons with a paper mask doing something related to a count down of text being featured. The video and the activities are macabre.
Video featuring a song with a static background. The background features the letters A and U in bold red in a font with serifs and italics. The video also has a link posted below the letters.
Video featuring a large crowd of people. There are several men in graduation gowns standing. One of them walks across and has confetti splashed onto him.
Video featuring a yellow pet dog being cute doing tricks. The dog is being played with by the owner. They are in a variety of locations.
Time lapse video of a band playing on stage in front of a large crowd. There are five members. The lighting is very low. The lead singer is female.
Video of several kids being interviewed. A question is presented to them before hand and they answer it on camera. The text of the question is featured in white text before the children start answering.
Video from a police station. There are several people walking around with two police men at the door. There is a huge line of people with applications in their hands. More guards are seen in various locations. The appear to be in a cold North Asian country.
Instruction video for a becoming a pet groomer. This is a slideshow presentation. Each slide presents static text in white on black background and talks about the various aspects of being a pet groomer.
Pseudo motion video of environmental tragedy. The slideshow presents a story woven into the images. They all feature environmental degradation due to human neglect. 
This is a series of short news clips on various topics, all of which relate in some way to destroyed or damaged computers. The video ends with a slightly longer clip showcasing a company that specializes in retrieving data from damaged hard drives.
This is an advertisement for a company that offers courses in home renovation. It consists of an animated slideshow of various home improvement tools or projects, interspersed with text.
Three women describe and point out the the controls and basic external components of a car. They then show how to change a flat tire.
A woman at a dog show talks about and interviews the co owner and handler of a dog owned by Martha Stewart.
This video consists of gameplay footage of a man riding a horse and talking to a woman. After he is done talking, the player lights the woman on fire.
This is footage from a first person video game. The player, along with a large number of other people, is attempting to launch grenades at a moving target in the middle of a dark room.
A man with a facial tattoo talks to a woman about Mormonism while riding a bus. The woman is holding a book.
This is a slow moving slideshow of sheet music, accompanied by some piano music presumably the same music being shown in the video .
This is footage from a video game of a man sawing another man in half, accompanied by text announcing his victory.
A man is talking to the camera in a public space of some sort. The language being spoken is not English, and sounds Eastern European.
A woman talks to the camera about a past abusive relationship.
This is video from a music concert. The stage is some distance away, and lit by pink and red light, and the camera is very shaky.
This video briefly discusses climate change, then moves on to talk about the coal industry, and in particular about a coal mining proposal in Montana. The video consists of a wide range of short clips, many showing mining, trains, or protesters.
A girl talks to the camera, and records and narrates the process of memorizing a paragraph of Spanish text by writing it down. 
Two men wearing only hats and aprons show how to make a sort of sandwich with flatbread and various sauces.
A small group of people are standing on a stage putting on a play. At one point, a number of dancers appear, accompanied by music. The audience is visible as silhouettes in the foreground.
Two men are wrestling boxing in a grassy backyard, accompanied by rap music. The camera is very shaky.
Several men talk to the camera about a historical racecar. The interviews with the two men are interspersed with pseudo motion still frames of various races in which the car participated. 
This is an advertisement for a chemical tablet that can be used to clean a washing machine.
A woman explains and demonstrates how to safely and effectively tie a rope into a harness when rock climbing.
two birds standing on the corner of a pond probably in a zoo.there is another bird walking near by the pond.
there is a boat moving in the river.the man is dipping a animal into the river while another man helping him.then a group of fish starts to eats the animal and left with its flesh.
there are two men playing guitar.one of them is playing and singing before the microphone.there is another man sitting behind and playing the drums.
a man with long beard and long hair wearing spectacles speaks before the camera. he seems to talk about peace.
a man sitting near the edge of the river and speaking about something.then there are some photos of plants and people in it.
there are few electrical parts all connected to a computer through a series of wires.then there is a text on the screen and drawing which is replicated on some other screen.
there is a woman holding a dog in her hand and then a person cutting the hair of a dog with a pair of scissors.
there is a boy sitting in a chair carving some wood and then a woman and man working on making wooden crafts.
a man is speaking before few microphones.there are many people standing back of him and recording him in a camera.
a man wearing a cap and holding a microphone in his hand is speaking before a restaurant.he is explaining with his hands.
there is a big ship floating in the water while another ship puffing out smoke from its chimney.there is a person taking a photo of the ship.
a man painting a small model of soldiers with his brush and some paint.he paints the figure with different colors.
there is a man with a short hair and styled beard speaks before the flag.he seems to be in a hospital.
a man standing in a kitchen shows of some kind of recipe . he holds a big glass ,pour some things into it and add ice to it.
a woman sits in a chair in her living room fully covered by books.she then speaks about the career.she then attends some awards presentations.
a man playing some instrument while singing a song in front of the microphone.he seems to swing to his own song.
Graphics display on the screen. They have text and simple cartoons of people, trees, and folders. A woman talks about the structure of a file system and the images change.
Short clips play of a city street, or an island. A man plays guitar in a dark room. There are glowing posters and a drummer in the background.
A video of a video displays. In it, a woman in a dress walks up a set of stairs. The video transition to a two women standing at a podium. One of the women is wearing a headdress of flowers and speaks into a microphone. There are people in formal dress behind them.
A computer screen displays with text and equations on it. A mouse pointer which is just a yellow circle moves around the screen as a man talks about the equations. He solves the equations on the screen.
Short clips play of the inside and outside of office buildings. Text displays in the bottom right, describing what the function of the room or space is. There are often empty desks with phones, lamps and chairs at them. In some occasions people are walking around the room.
Music plays and text and graphics display on the screen. At one point an image of a keyboard displays.
A man sits at a table and demonstrates threading a needle. He holds a thread and rubs bees wax on it. The video switches to a zoom in of his hands, then he threads the needle.
Two men stands on a stage in costumes. One of them plays a didgeridoo and the other freestyles into a microphone. In front of them there are three microphone stands as well as a table, a stool and a television.
A boy wearing a hat sits in front of a camera. He sings and plays guitar. There is a lot of junk on the ground behind him.
An outdoor scene displays with trees and a large old wall in the foreground. The top of a tall building can be seen in the background. People walk by in the background. A person in an odd, frog like costume walks into view and dances to music.
A cartoon woman rocks a baby back and forth in her arms, then puts it in a cradle. The baby starts to sleep, then wakes up and cries. Then a man lies in a bed and tosses and turns, while thinking about the baby. The video switches to a real man who climbs into a bed that is suspended on a spring frame. He lies down on the bed and closes his eyes.
A bands plays a song in a small room. There is a singer, as well as a guitarist, bass player and drummer. There is an effect on the video to make it entirely black and white.
A woman demonstrates how to change a flat tire on a car. She drives the car to a parking lot and parks it. She then jacks up the car and replaces the tire. The video is generally zoomed in on the tire and only the woman's arms and legs can be seen.
Four women play instruments in front of a bar in a business or shopping square. They are wearing matching red outfits.
A bride and groom say their vows at their wedding. A priest or judge stands behind them and guides the process. The groom mispronounces a word and the bride starts hysterically laughing.
An computer simulation displays of a nut and washer being screwed onto a bolt. There is nothing other than these three objects on the screen. The animation displays on a blank, black background.
A woman in a chef's uniform stands behind a counter with two machines on it, one on either side of her. She talks about the features of the machine, then places a croissant in a bag in one of the machines and demonstrates its functionality. The machine seals the croissant in the bag to preserve it. She does the same thing with orange slices.
A man sits in a chair wearing a headdress. A woman holds bowls of food or cups and gestures then around the man's head. People stand close around to the two, observing. They are under a canopy outdoors. There are flags and decorations hanging from the ceiling.
Music plays and a Minecraft scene displays. There is a lit up building at night. People stand inside the building. A character with a sword runs around destroying bricks. A character runs through a forest with his dog.
A kitten plays with a wooden toy motorcycle. The kitten knocks the motorcycle over, then the cameraman stands it back up.
An animated gate opens and closes in front of a blank green background. The gate is entirely black and has swirl designs in it.
A man stands in front of an interviewer and answers questions. There are sculptures and a window behind him. The window has blinds covering it but a man can still be seen on the other side.
A man makes a presentation to a crowd. He stand in front of a wall with text and a television on it. He has a portable microphone on his head.
A image of earth displays where the water is black and the land is broken up into countries. Text and a legend display along the bottom and colours display and move about the map. They are displaying statistics such as rainfall and temperature over the course of a year.
A kid videotapes himself while talking to the camera. The sky and some trees can be seen in the background. He also demonstrates skateboarding tricks on a sidewalk. In these clips there are trees and a house in the background. He also plays some first person clips of skateboarding.
A man holds a camera faced at himself while jumping into a body of water. Short clips play of outdoor scenes and people climbing and hiking in them. Some people slackline outside in a park.
Music plays and an image displays of the a movie cover. The image has text on it as well as a black and white image of a man standing behind a piece of glass with bullet holes in it. There is a fiery orange design along the bottom of the image.
A kid performs a trick on a longboard in the middle of a street in a neighbourhood. There are trees and houses in the background.
A band plays music on a stage. There are four members playing a flute, an accordion, an upright bass, a guitar and one singing. In the background there are colourful lights and people walking by.
A mans hands hold a led wire that is blinking different colours. The wire glows at the tip. The man bends the wire to put creases in it and then shows that the entire section after the crease lights up.
A woman soccer player is standing and talking to one of the spectators on the stands of a soccer stadium. Then she exchanges her t shirt with the man she was talking to and the man kisses her on the cheek. One man is taking photograph of this. After exchanging the t shirt the woman runs away.
A man is standing in a room and talking. All the walls behind him are white in color. Pictures of date palm trees are drawn on the wall behind him. The man keeps on talking.
A man is standing in a room wearing cycling helmet and tie and talking. He drinks water from a bottle. Then the man keeps on talking and makes hand gestures and funny faces. The man distorts his face and closes his eyes and makes several king of weird faces. At the end he drinks water from a bottle again. 
A huge glass building displays. There are a cluster of international flags in front of the building. Short clips play of people inside a conference, walking outside the building, or farming. A man talks to the camera. People pick up produce at a grocery store.
A computer screen displays. A man talks while browsing the internet on the computer. He goes to the Apple iPhone website and highlights the price. He goes to a web forum. He then clicks buy on the iPhone and proceeds through the purchasing process.
A man is holding the hand of a woman and walking on a sidewalk. The woman is dressed up like a mobile phone. A man coming from opposite direction takes the hand of the woman dressed as cellphone in his hand and walks away with her. Then he takes the woman to a room and the woman then talks to him. Then he takes woman to another man and hands over the woman to that man and takes money from him. Then the woman is shown coming out of a police station and she runs towards the first man with whom she was originally walking, and hugs him.
A kid is drawing something in a textbook with a pencil . The textbook is on a table and there is a pencil box next to the textbook. The kid smiles in the end.
Short clips play of performs on a stage in front of an audience. The performers are doing many different things involving bright lights and colourful costumes and props. Confetti falls and balloons are released. Performers dance and jump around. Many of the audience members have red blow up sticks.
Images display with effects to make them look like they are standing up in 3 D space. The images move about the screen and new ones appear. The images are often of people doing activities or of houses.
The camera films down a hallway in a large building. There are pillars with moving displays of odd and colourful flowers or jellyfish. The floor and ceiling are either mirrors or something very reflective. Music plays and occasionally a person can be seen walking by.
Computer rendered simulations play on the screen. They appear to be of subatomic particles interacting with one another. Text displays on the screen.
A computer screen displays and a man talks. The man installs a program on the computer. In the background a text editor is open with text written on it.
Music plays and images display. Effects are used to make the images transition to one another. The images are typically scenes of outdoor golf courses or text and logos for a golf course.
A reporter talks to the camera. Short clips play of people being interviewed or checking out at a store. There are also many video clips of menus or store shelves focusing on the price tags.
A screen displays of a video game. The player follows colourful shapes on a screen with the mouse. Music plays and numbers and text display and change along the edges of the screen. Sometimes an anime girl can be seen as a background.
Text displays on the screen. A woman demonstrates how to cook a dish. She puts spaghetti in a boiling pot of water. She prepares other food on a cutting board. She then adds the food to a pan and cooks it. The video is zoomed in on the pot, pan or cutting board so that only the woman's hands can be seen.
A stop motion video plays of two kids sitting at desks in a classroom and one teaching the class. One falls asleep, then they all ride in chairs through the building. Two go up a staircase, one up an elevator. They then return to the classroom and one kid walks out.
A man leans forwards towards the camera and talks to it. He is sitting at a desk with a laptop next to him. There is a board on the wall behind him with man pieces of paper tacked to it.
Vehicles ride through a city. Short clips play of a woman talking to the camera. Other clips play of her working and interacting with other employees.
This is a still image of a silhouetted drawing of a girl with some Japanese and English text, accompanied by music.
Alternating video and still images showing two men installing a laminate floor, while a woman provides a voiceover explaining the proper technique for installing such floors.
A screen capture of some simple game making software. The user demonstrates how to add a sound effect to the game, while a voiceover describes what he is doing.
A group of people are playing various musical instruments and singing next to a railing by a busy street, while various onlookers and passersby watch. When they are finished playing, a man proposes to his girlfriend.
This is a first person view from the perspective of someone riding a computer generated roller coaster. The video looks to have been processed such that it will appear in 3D if the watcher is wearing 3D glasses.
A man stands surrounded by other man and looks at the camera while gesticulating and yelling about wrestling.
This is a slideshow of unrelated images accompanied by a song. The lyrics of the song appear on the screen as they are sung.
A woman leads a dog around at a dog show, while other people and dogs watch. After a minute there is a cut in the video and suddenly all the dogs and trainers are running around playing.
A woman sits on a couch and talks to the camera, giving advice on how to help a child with homework.
This is a computer generated video that zooms in on a strand of DNA and shows a representation of another protein binding to the DNA and traversing it.
This is an advertisement for a flower shop, which shows off the various flower arrangements offered by the shop. Much of the video follows a woman preparing some of these arrangements, wrapping up flowers or putting them in bowls.
A man plays guitar and sings in a public hallway of some sort, possibly a subway, while people pass by.
This a slightly animated looping video of a cartoon cat dancing, accompanied by flashing light and music. At one point the cat is replaced by a duck.
A man interviews a woman about historical problems with the Book of Mormon. The video then shows some screens of text containing biblical quotations.
This is a video of a group of dogs being led around in a circle at a dog show. After one lap, the smaller dogs stop while the larger dogs are led around again at a run.
This is a video taken from underwater of people swimming back and forth in a pool, apparently practicing laps.
This video demonstrates how a tablet can be set up to receive input from a keyboard, such that the text typed on the keyboard appears on the tablet.
This is a short vide of a young boy doing a skateboard trick on a small set of stairs.
A man is lying on the floor and his hands are tied. A woman is sitting near him on a couch and she has put her feet on the face of the man. She then takes off her shoes and again puts her feet on the face of the man.
This video begins with a series of photos of a man as he grows up, starting with baby pictures and continuing to his adulthood. It then continues to talk about the man's efforts to help animals, and shows scenes of an animal shelter and the man speaking at a conference of some sort.
A woman is standing in a studio and talking. She has a marker in her hand. She then starts writing on a glass screen in front of her with the green maker. She keeps talking while she writes on the glass screen. 
A man demonstrates how to remove a tire from a car.
A woman applies some kind of cream on biscuits and then eats them. The woman is then sitting and talking and then some cookies are shown decorated by cream and fruits to look like an insect. The woman then takes a cookie applies cream to it and then ten cuts a cranberry and a grape and places it over the cream that is applied on the cookie. She then takes a cookie and places small bread sticks on it. Then she applies peanut butter on it and places another cookie on it. Then she applies chocolate on the cookie and places two small button shaped candy on it .
A car is moving on only two wheels . It's two tires on one side are in air and car is tilted to one side. Some men have come out of the window of the car and standing on the side of the car. One man changes the front tire of the car , while the car keeps on moving on 2 wheels. Another man changes the rear tire of the car.
A man is sitting in a room and talking . There are lots of books behind him. A man in military uniform is standing in front of a flag and talking. A woman is standing with her daughter on her lap and taking. A man is standing in front of a flag wearing black cap and talking. A woman is holding a placard and talking. Another woman is standing outdoors and talking while a man talks on a computer screen. Then few other people are shown at different location and speaking.
A man and woman are sitting on chairs in a room . They are resting their hands on the table in front of them. First the woman starts talking , then after some time the man starts talking.
In the beginning there is some text written on the screen. Then there is a bald man standing in a room and talking. The man also makes some hand gestures while talking.
This shows net practice session of baseball. A man is batting in the nets while some one pitching the ball. There are some players practicing in the background. Then there is a person batting in a baseball game. He doesn't play shot to three consecutive balls . After that he starts hitting the balls and scores runs. 
a man uses a fishing net and fishing rod to catch the fish while others are helping him to catch the fish.
there is a board moving towards some electrical arrangement. as after it reaches to a point the light on the electrical arrangement glows and the board stops.
This is street of a residential neighborhood. The street is empty and there are cars parked on side of road. A very small remote controlled car zooms up and down the street many times and then comes to a stop.
there is a man sitting on the desk and playing guitar while others sitting and watching him playing.
A man is sitting in a room and talking. There are many papers on a table behind him and there is a computer printer behind him. The man keeps on talking and then makes some hand gestures while talking. He then points to a computer screen and then shows some thing in it and talks again.
there is are few girls and boys speaking one after other.while one of the girl seems to cry and other walking in the market.
A professional men's volleyball game is being played in an indoor court. There are many spectators watching the match. One of the teams is wearing white t shirt and other one is wearing blue t shirt. The blue team wins a point and then celebrates.
there are few police men walking in the street while a tram moves by them.then another police man crosses the road.
there are several people walking in the streets and waving a flag.while others are sitting on the edge of the road and speaking to each other.
there are several people running in the streets.while every one are wearing a number on their chest.
their are several people working while one of them seems to use some wooden toy .there are some people talking to each other.
there is a huge crowd gathered in a church while there are few girls walking through them towards a man.then a woman walks along with another man towards a man.
there is a couple walking through the parking lot. while a man attacks them with a banana.he takes away their bag and purse and then runs away from them.
there is a huge crowd gathered for a award presentation ceremony.there are few men wearing an uniform standing on the stage.
there is a big oil taker in the sea while there are some men sitting on a much smaller boat watching the oil tanker.
there is a man sitting on a couch probably in his hose with lots of stuff before him.he is speaking about something.
there is a woman cleaning some vessels while a small boy dancing in the street while others are carrying water in their pots.
there is a woman speaking about golf while showing some pictures of people playing golf.she seems to explain about the game even by showing some websites.
a cat is rolling on the bed and playing with some person.she seems to bite the persons finger but then starts to lick.
there are some people dancing on the stage while others are watching them dance.this seems to be a award function.
there is a toy train track built through the living room.there are two train crossing a junction and may collide with each other.
there are some people sitting in their canteen and eating food.then they start to dance together while some people speak before the camera.
Girl wearing denim, riding a horse. The horse jumps over an obstacle several times. The horse then appears to collapse, possibly out of exhaustion, while the girl is still on it.
Instructional video which demonstrates how to change a tire. They suggest locking a tire so that the car does not roll, and using a jack to lift the vehicle.
People gathered in a street to protest something. People are holding up signs with mixed messages, and chanting. There is a drum circle.
Time lapse video of a Venus flytrap. A fly lands on the plant, and it closes, trapping the fly. A second and third fly are eventually trapped as well. At this point all the traps have been sprung.
People leaning against a building on a city street, talking. One man has tattoos on his face, the other is smoking a cigarette. The tattooed man is asking the other man to apologize for scamming him out of five dollars. The tattooed man then walks onto a bus while still talking about the situation.
Woman cooking. She has two chickens in front of her. She is chopping some lemon to put in the birds.
Firework show. A kid is yelling ridiculous things at the top of his lungs and annoying those nearby. 
Man programming in C#. He is making a 3D graphical application in which a figure appears to move around the board, probably a game.
Kids performing a choreographed dance on stage to hip hop music. They are dressed in street clothes.
Large yellow and black spider crawling on its web. A leaf has gotten stuck to the web, so the spider checks it out.
Man playing a guitar. A little boy touches the strings, muting them. He removes his hand, then puts it back, repeatedly.
Dog show. The champion of the show, an Irish Setter, is shown running next to it's handler. A woman interviews the handler. Clips of several other dogs are shown.
A woman lays takes of her clothes and lays down on a massage table. A man takes out some oil, applies it to the woman's body and massages her.
Man explaining the Monty Hall problem in Spanish. This is a common probability puzzle in which there are three doors. Two doors have goats behind them, and one has money.
A satellite view of some place is shown. Then two people are standing in a studio and talking. A woman is sitting on a table and a man wearing sunglasses is sitting behind him in a chair.A man walks into a studio with a football and starts dribbling with it and then passes to another man who again dribbles with the ball and passes it to another man and so on. Then finally the ball reaches a man and many women mob him. Then the football reaches two women and they pass it to two other women who wipe the football and pass again. This way football is passed between a few women.
Audio recording of an air traffic controller proposing to his wife, who is on an airplane. He has the pilot forward his audio to the whole plane, and pops the question. 
A man is standing in a big room and talking with a microphone in his hand. Then he starts walking and moves to another place and stands there and talks. The room looks like a library or a lounge. Then he interviews a woman sitting on a sofa. Then he interviews a man standing there.
People at a beach. An ice cream stand. A woman in a bikini walking into the waves, then swimming. There is another man in the water as well.
This shows a basketball game. Some players wearing green vests are playing basketball on a basketball court . There are large number of spectators standing all around the court. One players scores a a point . 
A woman is standing on some kind of platform and dancing in a nightclub. There are people dancing all around her. There is colorful lighting in the nightclub and some people are wearing some accessories that glow in dark.
Remote controlled cars at an event with ramps and other obstacles. The cars fly over the ramps while a crowd of people watch from the sidelines.
A little boy is playing with a mobile phone and a girl is sitting behind him. Both of them are sitting on a bed. The girl then pulls the boy and both of them fall down on bed and they smile. Another kid is sitting next to them and playing with toy elephants.
Using a sewing machine to sew around the edges of a circular piece of material. It is not clear what is being made.
This shows the practice session of a baseball player. First the baseball player practices batting . Then he practices scoring runs and in the end he practices fielding.
Person playing a game. A sailboat keeps appearing and disappearing in the water, each time a little bit further forward. There are islands nearby.
There are few boats sailing in a sea and there are mountains in the background. One of the boats changes direction of the boat by changing the direction of their sail. There are then some photos of sailing.
Camera panning around ornate banquet halls and theaters at a hotel. There are colored lights, tables, chandeliers, and many other decorative touches.
Elevator door. Man pushes the down button, and it opens. He looks into the elevator shaft, then gets in.
Man using a crowbar to put a new tire on a rim. He stands on the tire as he does it to hold it down.
A girl is standing in front of a car and there is a little girl standing with her. They then walks towards a house and they pass a girl who is holding a small tree . They reach the gate of a house where another girl is standing. Both of them walk around that girl then talk to each other then they walk up to the girl holding tree and shout and talks something to her and she leaves the tree, then the bigger girl hugs her. Then the bigger girls walks up to the girl standing at the gate of the house and hugs her as well.
A dog is walking around in the lawn of a house. Then the dog jumps and play around the camera that is filming it. 
